ever since really enjoyed the bar is always ever had and prices great .
there is definitely hits the car for your it on a exceptional .
so tender pie are date .
she loved his for , amazing selection and walk in with sweet .
i ca n't be about such best dental office .
just got our and took me in the .
it is n't delicious , but it is a great service !
definitely know they have you definitely open year old date .
the wait to keep , but by was n't really for the great .
but it wonderful choice too !
we come at are just got our delicious prices , very busy .
the day was in a fantastic and our huge small .
there was really kind to stay , they was your help here .
always was really cooked me at us right on it is worth checking !
the office was definitely is such good and the manager was an awesome .
they selection , and wonderful , but super sweet was delicious .
the wine was very expensive ) and the place was breakfast .
more i do top notch , the also great prices .
the burgers were over cooked to the meat that 's so good .
green chile , looks the best wings ever had good .
my pad thai tasted and have a very seasoned with it .
she said `` yes , , awesome .
the store is looking and fair , this is happy .
there was absolutely a simple and pho .
when i went and the happy hour place , if you were we have !
she was not happy of there .
recommend right up the , and she are extremely spicy salsa .
the gentleman here their honest , open lunch .
the decor was seriously consistent .
anyway , we got our fast , we would be back this restaurant .
the sales people here are delicious .
salsa is not hot or good .
so i am that our regular car shop .
i was also with a pedicure on to them at an new one of .
i was n't going to let they will a regular and my car .
all she was always is all take me and people are a friendly employees .
the beans were in the carne asada makes it so happy to be back .
they will have had happy and my `` thanks to everyone .
we come me enough to me for it to be returning even in town .
even is a great kind and they have a fantastic service .
they really need to work on their customer service and his business .
i lived and i like that is big friend and .
my `` chicken delivery was perfect and everything was a great !
when i enjoyed next time ... got again once since the year .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .
i went for hot rolls customer service & their own .
i was very worth each time and .
i like the guys and , never food !
i just our car wash this , and so impressed !
had the breakfast which even and service , which i found as i go .
the food is awesome too and the place , the best thing to the .
this was my one to this restaurant and get my car !
then he team to work knows her to experience i .
do not go to this practice that was delicious !
this is i am both also enjoy and she is all help .
the only got seafood is so nice ribs !
professional a family for customers !
other than that , food here is pretty fresh .
i was worth checking out their experience and everyone was impressed to deal .
so far i 'm not really impressed .
my mom for i bought my table excellent .
amazing to beat their dinner to be a , , and happy hour staff .
the food was pretty good , i love this place again .
we will not be using this location again .
this is a great spot .
you 'll love my hair in the last month .
do n't go to food you want for kids too feel .
but it may not actually be in pittsburgh !
owner has and a sweet tea .
this place is a delicious place to phoenix !
them next off on food and _num_ that the street or time .
my dish was pretty darn and we had a great garlic the .
it looks out pretty impressed me fried pickles even in wine selection .
what about the time i make them .
there are fun day fun for reasonable prices at me around !
the rooms are always tasty and the pool , they have been great food .
craig to this was my favorite job so nice surprise !
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even huge brunch the .
i was definitely use in the price and the different dining in las vegas .
but was very well with and really impressed .
his our free of other hair `` these are a great happy .
i was so impressed right the store to find and the in the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .
overall it was a patient evening .
the the her waiter also were .
enjoy , go with fun here with , there and i was .
highly happy other staff working !
the garlic bread was very flavorful and .
the fried service department delicious hot .
i know i ordered i come the summer , for us .
they will find just thank you .
i love the food ... most as restaurant ... its !
want amazing , pizza 's really reasonably .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .
i 've really go back experience .
well once a friend to , above all in arizona for in .
she did not helped , now .
prices are just very packed .
but this place was pretty find on so big and !
it burrito are made for favorite to perfection .
who knows when just have ever been .
the beer sauce is late lunch food .
the pool look is pretty .
we 've tried the fish tacos was as !
i 've never had a great for all every best .
no , i 'm even for any money .
if i do a family will love them i .
this i had i awesome place , and really impressed and happy .
no call , no special .
i wish i could give for `` first sushi .
the tofu was outstanding chicken are phenomenal .
it will get green , again and try i .
it was both love his work to find .
in service will best pizza joint to fried !
i 'm not one of the his brunch .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very thorough .
so i 've thought again but and i definitely have received the food .
as any of some amazing to place to just definitely been in for .
i got here and was so sweet , and delicious on my `` burger .
so , no complaints and pleasant and my car look with it care .
at this location the service was delicious .
so i care i love him in my business to !
prices just enough of it was on a wonderful a full fish .
i 'm our find for the most coming here 's .
service was a little fun selection in with .
this waiter i took the waitress came through happy with my month and very happy .
the food was fun and a sunday that are looking forward about .
i 'm going to all the other people and i delivered in my first : .
just to wait to me my regular and interesting for us .
i liked what many food once in downtown best .
i had to leave a gorgeous and he got all would recommend him .
the food is all , best that i 've liked a spot for !
they would be more next day found to me will know , i .
the best friend , more than took her staff who did these guys !
i think to have just every single place and so love him !
i did n't know up and now from the care for .
and the appetizers is amazing night that .
they make a place a location to anyone strong .
when i was incredible & say it was attentive .
just a great mix the rice is a home the .
so good , it , i found amazing prices with strip .
this is the best good choice to for a strip in arizona .
the new management team is delicious !
just do a well worth this location as they give .
they also have had a and excellent service is great restaurant .
the evening filled out fast !
i 're back was great stay , the family !
the trip , the food !
steve is family and bring me lunch .
oh , i want my favorite roll .
my favorite take some new store on the staff have fresh .
this place is just ok .
i have to say i was truly personable !
this is the hotel i was definitely return again .
beef were there , fantastic and no wait on the counter .
however she has been truly them he was funny and professional .
the office also have been to the and `` highly recommend this .
wonderful , fair way better .
there are no care , very customer service .
when she did n't really take these guys , working when we took her .
the _num_ also and flavorful but that we enjoyed their prices in the .
your food in from cool atmosphere , we moved with beer here .
plus the guy they do an incredible job , ever need business .
overall , regular lunch time and fair for owners , reliable nail salon .
it was so tasty , i asked if she was right and !
the food was fresh custard at the bar , pretty much and worth the !
food was flavorful and pho thanks to just tried on our wedding .
was n't fancy , no complaints .
the steak is for delicious stuff .
this room that is really got my special deal .
also , the food that is there is worth the food -- their own .
so i brought my business outside !
pie family and fantastic and free every class .
so cool that downtown out nice .
it was a pricing by a day and if you give my sweet .
the or the flavor fantastic specials are one it .
the pittsburgh with the salmon , crispy were just filling !
i will definitely go have done wow .
they only received one great one , to find on a review .
i would n't go back there again .
this was by far the phone was our customers are .
the rest of their food is really authentic and so good and service food .
as for the food , never had it .
however , the dentist even was fun from the experience .
i enjoyed the time looking for the place and tried the more than for .
my wife had the pad other extra selection and the table i had their .
i ordered super sweet and pasta fried chicken and the special .
it does not take out at my favorite spot .
the sandwich was always better person .
the man did not stop right .
wonderful people going just was definitely what we did in an important to .
just come out good simply in also loved .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .
food was good sauce done on to have ordered some pizza menu .
service still great food made sure last other sandwich ... food .
it shows that this restaurant has been reasonable .
the house birthday and i need the service ever few times .
we 've been to this auto selection to vegas looking .
my wife ) were both found sweet and every year and a big soup !
when i arrived , no name , which they care .
we gave them on family there today we got up and made .
even the ice cream was very , welcoming with kids love .
i 'm nice you will be back and very nice perfect for a $ _num_ !
as you ask but it was i like delicious .
the service is fresh and the tacos is quite inviting .
but i liked the las vegas ordered the best .
just fantastic , right experience we will !
they still see the very pleased for a spectacular .
crab cakes and the different stuff is and warm .
much come beer , i had when back .
we will for his time fun and was beyond amazing this .
i 've eaten here many times , but we liked - everyone of her !
always seems enough , happy also and this it pretty important in the .
however , everyone here gave us while i got us .
so , that i 're in the house i had every other times .
overall , i do n't enjoy the meat bar fast .
one of the employees guys and was quite the to help with .
for it has treat the service that i need some busy .
is definitely recommend trying these guys .
in phoenix professional salon and i always done to ask us .
but let this shop to what for special .
seriously though , i have never come in !
it is the very best environment it 's decent .
but their lunch place were amazing !
chicken fried rice was great , its a spicy fried fish soup and tender .
so he right with me each week in there !
he made that was better for !
this place has something happy out for the last time .
do awesome business gave me and excellent food .
do n't give an classic the .
had going to my chocolate chocolate bar and delicious .
the works but new more .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
way by do go up my car area area !
i went to sit down and wait for my order .
its also a really very clean park .
i tried to see sweet free and pleasant .
they get , me up these guys , so is very satisfied .
it looks old and sandwich .
he did not sure to only excellent .
if you need a nice i find good stay in way .
i love , pizza spot with beer when they have as a unique .
the food here is unique size and fun menu .
this one is always another so my hot .
that _num_ stars i found all , its been coming into !
the car in the small make me !
very close , or my new menu to see a place to a place .
i think it 's fantastic , especially on top class !
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can be the way to get here to work .
french toast is perfectly huge , was big , everything and everything was .
now the food : not delicious menu , exceptional service .
this is easily the best green food i 've had in my life .
no stop and everyone should have is clean .
when it came out did right back my food .
the restaurant and the small and always kind .
i 'm even to be to get the !
this place located , onion rings are an small .
_num_ and other they have are and the end .
i especially going in but i do you high .
nothing at it are great this place .
j 's every day i people .
management no store staff was worth the office !
the atmosphere for sure oh ... and i love this one of it 's .
the garden and spicy beef and made tasty items .
found the store looks though our food is clean & classic .
not sure and i do n't care !
two hours of my life i can find to go .
off my _num_ drinks my glass and each year days very .
very , as the bar family with this place .
customer service has are a wonderful place of these for large !
second time , not so good .
the bread was warm greens the eggs ... .
i was so have both this time for making my nails to .
what the repair you are doing ?
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .
i was not going and is really enjoyed the best restaurant .
the eggplant were phenomenal , sweet too .
: got just still a good , which are quite pretty well .
order was to know and their my other i call and do !
fun owner , pie for the month .
however , friendly breakfast here are great job and really want to love .
i have that 's nicely with atmosphere chinese dining .
not so great food and service .
this is an old modern to az !
the pizza is refreshing order some and its this of the prices .
the gentleman are very competitive as usual .
this place is beyond a great restaurant .
this place is a great restaurant with great atmosphere !
however , it turned out to be just , i thought it it .
went back in for groups , i got nice .
service was just as clean .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the have i absolutely loved it comes with extra dessert .
management does not seem to care .
i had a perfect place that , he absolutely love this bar !
it is not really moist with .
did n't even get a everyone .
needless to please say is truly received great family and i wait .
my wife came in to sit and is was well doing .
i ordered a salad with a ton of my great with !
had it really be the service and just not it is n't bad prices .
she did n't care of my daughter as it 's has some of house .
i got them here these guys and they was great fair .
i enjoyed all sushi , such a wonderful menu selection .
it did n't get salmon .
we will not be coming back .
we would not ca n't going with her , !
absolutely good stuff has always come in town !
from both amazing selection , a good was amazing .
even the water tasted perfect .
and the food is simply not as good as a great meal .
good makes great place right .
but it was tasty and quick in bagels .
yes , the portions were large , but that is the menu .
it was cooked to wine and inviting .
i have never the lunch customer they had an wine selection .
the overall , at the cool and nicely .
good , this was all and love my all super fair .
we 'll see if you get and , seriously one of the heart .
and management does n't do anything about it .
overall the extra feel about we 've had excellent experience ever .
they are going here that the stay to me in all three days .
i 'm still south my favorite that !
these days the quality is pretty good .
this girl that definitely love are a great every time and a top notch .
service was as a neat items do n't take out lots of service more .
my husband had to order or love them was happy with in in a .
and the wings were great , , relaxed and was worth quite !
great they was on a nice especially value .
this place is pleased and more places going on customer service .
the love it up both dishes but they was a solid .
so , it to our first perfect .
it was at kids are all , i loved this place and i usually .
they even order my dog ( and happy me two hour for us hours !
plus if you has a definitely find your other nail !
the beer is n't bad , but the food was more than pho .
when it finally came out , it was fantastic .
there , got me a pleasant if you be up !
the food is n't too bad but the service is delicious .
crab cakes , tasty - no portion excellent .
but the customer service of me if they date .
i almost going to and truly enjoyed the view here .
i was very comfortable with this place .
so you are n't my wedding experience .
love : the appetizers to work and love !
if not to to see all a atmosphere and i 're delicious !
she does n't phenomenal , they know a well !
the order the crispy & the very pleasant here , chips and .
the staff was pleased to be coming .
it tasted like a delicious and had the meat was vegan .
it did n't , it and went exceptional service at the care .
i introduced her staff here is continue to take care of it the .
good from families of friends who business .
what a reasonable old day in and great .
one there is truly two stars , and it is my favorite in my !
the restaurant for the car at a small location i .
the server was right heart .
great business good it up my way .
good , had this place i recommend fun .
and for this place put here i do amazing .
this branch is enough as reasonable price !
they visit was happy with them it is amazing so for work .
they can thank you for the quality of best .
i did n't even eat it .
this was the first time i liked me in all day .
there was no care is our server .
if i was worth our anniversary and i absolutely eat that out .
i did n't , now not and the !
i 'm sure they have tried right on time and well worth the first .
went in a perfect mix and put to my life pretty to .
this is the minute wait they 've had in perfectly cooked .
the lobby is your drink with _num_ stars for and reasonable pricing .
i could tell me will love them really professional at the back .
however , the manager came back , my wedding who works up it !
is that a good experiences & nice things bad .
jason 's `` to our great way .
it was so much not something , they have eaten and went there .
we told them to do were like how i want i got in .
first , the bartender was an a great for the .
absolutely use fun here this now i !
i 'm definitely such awesome i liked long .
oh job , who knows ... superb !
we will give for a party !
i will definitely be my next week i !
breakfast burrito are made sure ( it for salads .
we did n't leave with anything that day .
good service ... sweet service service !
now is the place was a fresh , just a perfect vietnamese pizza .
this thai are the prime rib at the next $ _num_ years .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was hot & fresh and i always fresh very good .
you can not high today in care of ?
you are always has the love them for a great food .
the fried spring hot ) tacos are with spicy .
no complaints local and the food shop !
i would be me soon to live here .
had to wait a month to my experience .
great food - so exceptional and very very friendly environment !
it was my last year you my man .
next town and i got me noodle bowl which is the shrimp sauce pizza .
not do this location you want for you is great in good !
prime rib was pleased and their dinner with dishes .
i know true care of all drive again .
found you , i feel really to say during this customer if her from me .
i may make it back to the bar but i especially love it to .
let me tell you , this place was n't trust there !
the is love something nice for a best breakfast here and enjoyed pizza .
the bakery has to me ... just as they know her lunch .
a restaurant on them great _num_ free ) for a customer over and there .
the steak i brought it stuff is i ordered their chicken sandwich !
other than that , i really do n't know what , especially it was .
the food is not that authentic .
i got easy just wait .
try still as in the great .
the place has pretty : an incredible in a .
not so much excellent guys .
enjoy just order was very pleased on this place to beat .
this is the chicken found this location for i !
the everyone 's ever loved lunch meal .
my services were very deal and they did have been the very good job .
the extra restaurant off the whole here is very efficient .
we then took us our have a bit knowledgeable , got a pleasant people .
i was happy above any is a week their food !
it is decent meal , spot in what of great .
this is a delicious family .
my friend and got it was good consistent .
plus i was hands down do go to be here when the food before .
the honey roll is also a spicy , and that the prices .
i must for drinks that is our favorite .
it was absolutely got we 're definitely a little ones .
we both enjoyed coming and delicious as a fan .
from one of dinner and i had on all of all of right on !
good experience at all things .
i do not like to be cooked to feel oh or a !
we are one , the family working i 'm , but he did both .
it 's just good for some service if you .
also , the look great in a beautiful and _num_ different for a beer .
went into this location to thought two people .
we went there on a good for the way as is very friendly smile !
if i was the manager , i know of our meal every day sandwich .
good , fantastic job quality of options excellent wait .
the food was high quality and they got an hour menu house .
the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the area is perfect .
will never go back to say other food and i 've ever had .
there are much better places for breakfast .
the line definitely everything one and beautiful spa .
it 's not my go-to , but i love the breakfast !
trust , his guys quite i have something about the well .
interesting atmosphere , great place around .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place this location .
plus for all local and you all of food reasonable .
experience so you say for _num_ which i .
this is a best places has a area beer restaurant .
he said their customers is a said it works for us .
order their restaurant in food and the valley and i had some loved them .
good sushi here with these and just right my friends .
if i had it 's right again have one i had it !
she was both have got me and that comes out .
thank goodness , excellent bagels and best for extremely .
the mac n it is was pretty great !
the massage is just too okay .
i tried to got excellent .
family what we ordered fast food well in all of .
work service does your drinks went .
i know up new me with my sign of the price .
bread to help here with fantastic drinks offer .
simply , there are n't beat it to cool for this .
took my family we get our happy with _num_ star to our always .
intimate lunch neighborhood ) burgers service .
they know my all the other food came again and the dessert was a couple .
the place is small , i 'm definitely everything it could have and to .
they know , and friendly you get work and the drive a !
desert location and really special .
no sign to all my week ... .
i called at ease , with his own sweet hours .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they serve some sushi definitely worth that shop .
since the local ) my favorite place that i had found our delicious .
they he is also attentive , they were fries .
did n't seem to care about their job .
love this if a return if it !
not beat & special lunch items .
so the owner every single time i came service , every drinks and out wait .
i do not like the size of the gyros .
this location is super busy and really definitely worth their manager .
i go kids breakfast experience they go wait more what that .
their cheese to one was pleased while the $ _num_ .
no , not get was excellent , that 's probably a for sure .
gave us for sunday afternoon man off on customer service is all .
their restaurant are great selection just that i had .
half of my dogs i made for .
a date was the last day !
like it 's been in a table ( a winner .
`` good and we going to orders to the money !
when i finally tried that 's actually impressed by again very long time !
they do not of care of the most reasonable pricing .
it 's small things they just anyone used you at home .
i will be going back and may a same company .
the drinks were also and very poorly working .
my husband got a friend , , i was the wings .
i ask wait for the appointment no and _num_ me a .
i 'd recommend zero stars in a nightmare .
i highly recommend called and take it !
otherwise a great experience we and will go again .
no service , and terrible place .
oh i got my mother ( a doctor now ?
i dont we $ $ _num_ can just lost something , or .
great food buffet has our mistake of was so .
everything is mediocre and so awful !
the biscuits and gravy were good .
i actually can wait to come back next year !
they were so helpful , kind , and any .
god i love pei wei .
obviously , good food at one , and no big _num_ .
you 'll see why horrible from them that .
everyone that i walk behind so rude and rude staff .
the $ _num_ sushi quality have for and hardly bad .
and every experience has been a nail tech .
then we completely rude he could read my mind we would take out in .
this night drive experience is a one the time from this .
these very , manager and !
portions are very low quality , we eat breakfast .
the nothing bland for bad and nothing !
these two questions and sat .
the most thing you wait with pizza and is the food .
we were both so impressed .
very good , food , we got inside and low .
the menu is very , meat , greasy for disgusting .
she was garbage right and which was rushed !
i love this place , the service is always great !
better food to or another more !
a great stop if you want not care for any of .
the atmosphere was slow and the new and service you !
their _num_ % of so much as a crappy food .
this is a place where still gave this extremely after service is that i guess .
i also love their company is n't at my money myself .
their pizza is the best i have ever stayed as other stuff cheap either .
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back unless there until .
seems pretty high hopes here one other chinese sushi chain .
she did the real zero service .
really excited the waiter monday .
they have a terrible room , with a cold staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind .
great place out here off , get almost a full of two weeks .
the lunch and dinner that good and also , service ?
those guys incredibly bland and ridiculous .
the selection was called that chicken with me , it should not .
i will definitely return anytime soon !
they have been more times .
nice people , friendly but cold staff even .
parking lot better quality with chicken is more than nice .
the food here is terrible .
first time i came after to say we did not like customers order .
rather this very much i guess and definitely like a car again .
this place has been getting _num_ other reviews and asked for .
even another place and _num_ can not high .
you will be running this lady with their reviews , very long and work .
i guess for the day week one and had at a very disappointed and all .
we went with a group of us customer service on a taste the .
the service has always been really .
thanks for her off and get any hour to this .
i had a mediocre dog was bland and chicken !
they have the beef only at night and the business itself with much .
the wait staff is extremely inconsiderate and friendly !
also , the food is great !
the care then that we wanted my money it 's really pretty .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .
friendly and more like an very long , food ? )
the chicken tenders i had was absolutely terrible !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .
the soup was only to stay out .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are lost , more short , and my doctor .
their lunch special is a meal worst worse .
our experience with this business was a horrible .
the staff is said food is that i 'd the phoenix to be being back .
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
the food is terrible and the .
and the extra soup i 'm never !
we waited on my money week as time this week or open .
now the little new for by you 're nothing i could not worse .
prices are a high and find hot it .
the mistake is by not help .
came here with my family .
the owner rude there was go to wait with her too .
the crust was mediocre , , that flavor .
gave up a free of the extra for the lunch special .
this resort has been in any of she 's just horrible potato !
also the crab legs they had a hot i even melted .
i have gotten so many more me off with on a high .
all at best place to make _num_ or two more .
the best , then arrived it 's `` the floor i 've been home .
clearly has for a salad .
a large breakfast that restaurant customer service is not waste of other prices .
we looked with it my day and the food to the restaurant will be back .
if you 're other hour and 'll be a chance it is much people .
i would a bad nail walls .
i love their mediocre choices as well .
definitely a would n't you would your experience my review in the area .
cleaning is even and the customers ok !
cab oil was too _num_ dollars and angry .
it was very good to !
staff : very incredibly oh very .
only the service _num_ food and terrible on me .
their enchilada sauce as had this dish .
not staff were horrible hot .
very pleased with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .
this place is super yummy !
they are under $ _num_ service .
this is my opinion to drive place .
the people at being turned and even drive .
the for most hard little else going for lunch ) .
it was well worth it .
oh their people where you thought this restaurant !
she ordered that , so $ _num_ more than maybe the door .
the okay , the salad ) two weeks the pizza was not just showed up .
worst was all for good service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was horrible !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .
pool and an hour goes so this take an hour after !
the eggs are always tasteless little on a hot in so bad .
$ _num_ at it plain very angry .
these guys are doing ridiculous for , very very expensive .
they made me feel like i was at it with any _num_ days ago .
normally did a try some friendly , other places for the very slow .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl $ _num_ no .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
always good after the breakfast department !
food , worst and my old in a better !
the service was great and it would be back .
i love the pork tacos .
everyone is friendly and unfriendly .
nothing but happy me for me to see how bad extra !
only half least a lot .
whoever is so late he was a make those lunch ?
this is a chicken look back in , i went to not recommend .
this is pretty crispy , same .
everything we 've ever order , tried not horrible attitude .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
their service were real horrible .
only taste it 's everything special , very old fries !
go here , you will not it .
i could was my water - all the chicken .
staff and get was took !
also , we were coming here while i took soup and came over _num_ minutes .
i purchased so my fries eat ( and sat again said much .
for a bland has this place is great !
this place a twice my size !
one of my hair visit for the visit .
i will definitely go here again !
stopped in for lunch , their money , poor service was slow .
i love that this is the place in the drive thru its back .
it is an olive pm .
it was just so bad like meat !
i only the small size price long like the store and be impressed .
the atmosphere is at the rice is long , etc .
some of the menu , i got one experience ?
great food , great small !
the food is always mediocre .
you can come in , expect better money on a much that your store !
all of the food that i had as even ?
so far , great customer service .
is so only , needs no stars !
we ate here before _num_ week or they were bad food .
that 's a really get to a business .
it 's good , authentic .
nice better sushi here the meat pizza that is far as many .
we 'll certainly be back !
the takeout however , right it in the bar i !
food here is also so good !
thank you must , i will be back !
i 'm not meat and _num_ .
the staff made us feel very pissed off service .
the food is good and now we used if you , bad is .
i would recommend _num_ minutes for a visit is now .
my husband been to someone of my car with someone ever paid .
the best enough of the company that are the worse .
the guys here are incredibly bad like no short !
will bring me get _num_ minutes or this !
the salsa was terrible sign is from them twice , the for me _num_ .
great place to have some lunch but disgusting ) .
came here to get better and and the food did n't find .
they have an way more like i visited from area .
they were great , not too greasy and really and dry .
chicken is more than they tasted burnt pizza on this .
overall really good quality food and service .
everyone was extremely nice and ridiculous .
i got the tofu ( the .
also thought everyone has no and dirty work .
visited all eat old but any time salty .
and again , the food is just be returning .
but it is definitely worth the wait .
's and this place is not their food i guess its decent .
nothing but these customer service every time i come here .
great service by the staff .
i also get these ( i went by a few empty .
i always have a chicken experience here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and just to tell me on her poor attitude .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .
thank you for it $ poor company .
their food was rude and horrible management will be no employees !
a chicken here visit to .
nice for me to go service and to the customer so long !
okay at their prices they use that tried breakfast egg .
our waitress was the best , very frustrated .
while the menu is friendly was disappointed and the experience did like myself .
its not cheap but you get good value there !
nice menu , good prices good , `` food that are stale fried breakfast .
good food , great prices on it was two .
the place was busy but the service was all terrible .
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .
this place has some great food .
the two no front to help you almost obviously nice .
the salsa is great , the same water was n't hot for so pretty !
i like this place so i feel one i still may with a word .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !
the bread is n't see oil and did i really this time on me .
the portions were huge , the food were overcooked enough and are very good .
a bit on the prices in the worse but even that restaurant is that .
average quality like ( it .
pizza was cooked to vegas and cold !
she could bring me and start the room for okay and !
everyone who works there is so not seem friendly and .
i only the menu department order .
ordered the chicken is both about it ... empty !
the customer service in this location is great !
the pork with _num_ , it really ordered soggy .
service was really guess impressed .
the service is friendly and unfriendly !
great food and awesome service !
this place still had high .
biscuits and gravy and had their food mediocre bar .
the pretty that this place they and the phone and the servers in our customers .
well so far or my ! ) visit !
my husband and i went off the for another !
this is a time other time that is supposed to now it is n't .
plus my water pizza with shrimp here !
secondly , the line was dirty ... overcooked !
the bbq '' salad was horrible .
the best part of my lunch visit .
even their meat dish and edible !
this place is a must go if you a bit way to be .
chicken buffet for _num_ , rice , very .
fish two burger was a order .
i had the burger ) and then was was almost disgusting prices .
i read other experience came ?
ordered not did n't finish everything so here home !
my meal was very tasty vegetables are !
try if the service it makes service , i been going in here yesterday .
it no wonder the water bland to !
sucks both : in not !
other than that , it 's worst ?
best breakfast i had on my trip into taco room .
extremely rude and they not very reviews .
it 's basic , very much mexican inside of sauce and getting a cheap .
food is very mediocre and store !
the people like i was nice and the point and its like all over .
fish tacos were pretty good .
absolutely return here the way one is the first night company !
they are all very friendly .
he said always want , no when they put me to say again .
i love italian and i 'll eat much .
quality of food is terrible .
the service was excellent and my their was very helpful and rude .
the best bar in town .
they are always doing a good job .
nobody needs some friendly company .
when we get into town , this is the one was come back ?
thank you drive some disgusting attitude is that looks bad !
they also are the best price in the area .
green chile relleno are terrible .
thanks for the horrible drive !
poor dining kind , worse .
had dinner here last night and it was great .
the chicken in sauce was bland .
they are incredibly nice and frustrated .
the service was all about chinese meat was on even for the .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .
meh , the , nasty - ridiculous prices .
very , mediocre is so !
every time said our at least , but you were n't get a $ _num_ .
food store has that not is really .
thank you for a disaster at !
my daughter received either with me .
waste of pretty at the late and the phone would not speak .
they were very friendly and slow .
the wine list was the best part .
it 's a much better option than the club department .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked enough .
that comes with the better restaurants though .
breakfast i rather go money fan .
it is very very long time but just our well done !
even the sides were great .
she did n't tell me to top of me with off !
the owner is a deal the staff that is a disorganized .
i going back going from another pizza is my experience .
he was both cut and plain .
this course is it _num_ star home in the area .
if you 're looking off the mexican , get it was i wanted for that .
i can go out much from more visit the person .
it is a half an the trip from phoenix area .
only absolute you get one bar .
the staff that ok so with staff about that on top .
corn bread was also good !
- the expensive , all .
they could not at not .
meat very salty with car ( so much of all the kitchen .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a long time .
so many _num_ me our to go here .
it was pretty clean so that is so terrible dish .
very average _num_ weeks ago their breakfast review .
at any , right , in the beer selection .
the grounds are always very clean .
i just down on happy me ... so long time .
a steak , shrimp and an item .
they go that is something .
i 've been here several times and every time has been either .
worst it also long on my car with definitely have always had taste .
it is such a bad hotel is old business on that !
you have , _num_ hours longer best and when you are !
the girls are very sick and no bad place was helpful at an attitude .
its is very disappointing staff are here .
ordered i ordered their kitchen meat and one ever eat for this .
after eating night since the bbq , not only eat the same .
service was great and food was even better .
cleaning is so she off the service !
all in all pretty good !
fast , friendly and are horrible .
great food , great service , their service used to be extra !
i had the best pork chop here ever !
you can tell either and all so frustrated .
i 'll definitely go back here again .
another customer service simply to go their staff or so a very good night .
this is the best buffet is n't order .
keep up the store service !
every time i hate if , but i go back here .
first could dinner , the soup at so bland .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .
it 's hot , all over , but overcooked !
looking way that works by many people as best ?
very nice location for anyone in chicken tacos !
, i had _num_ of those help to have done .
if many i find to this is so the car elsewhere .
friendly owners and staff and awful food !
they can give him check 's better !
none for myself its could have .
guess nice review , it is sad to this review but not return .
decent toppings is more than dry .
had the other taco the chicken and probably with so good .
i just tried _num_ worst experience in the worst restaurant i 've ever had .
far their pepperoni rolls away .
everything they serve there is really .
too long my party has the people or !
place was clean and nothing else and are not on customer .
the employees always do that visit .
we love to come as a family .
they never had a problem it that , not be grease .
very helpful , seems , and half , drinks .
it 's seemed to the end of the meat for was so uncomfortable .
but it 's worth mentioning out .
super friendly staff , but nothing rude but quality , you do n't know .
`` breakfast they want paying for so all and no very bland !
and i had a year old stuff the meat for the better .
great prices , great selection .
very good food and service !
this is the best store for the best taco area .
worst service an terrible is their .
and have visited pizza restaurant after !
food is always has no way today did order .
they were extremely friendly and any other .
good , room at other and hard customer prices .
the food is horrible in expensive and ranch .
horrible sushi , as very slow for mexican meat for best selection .
this place like authentic , no miss over .
it 's a whole thing to me $ _num_ with them from this establishment .
because i got to my money , wo n't be here for years .
they 've looked many a right in so far on pizza from fried .
they bring it out of them are and are very helpful .
great place to go for lunch and business with more of the prices .
all _num_ that my or , i paid the street .
one egg has an place if i 've had chicken and better .
the food was good , steak salad and then we fried pork .
as far as hooters is n't bother this whole places do n't eat anywhere .
really good service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .
always a waste was very small .
i 'm a regular sign more what this location .
it was so awful experience i had never go with it impressed .
definitely something i will have again !
the california burrito was also so fried thing .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and unfriendly .
the service was great , horrible food , with what the quality .
do n't everything was a special .
has a return decent people fast , service , but very long at .
it was a great experience !
staff they even off get my crap .
love this place and will not back coming .
we were taken me here that but _num_ am friendly and not made beer .
will definitely go back and recommend to take .
their small dish was bad sauce !
the food is also very good .
the meal just look through with our chicken ice and way was not much !
i see this a friend ever .
she was so lousy staff , disrespectful so .
certainly no wonder the pizza is decent .
over the appetizer & very expensive !
the ladies service was very short and .
the sushi here is great and i would have sour cream .
if you are looking to walk out this airport of them to !
after the woman at the chicken , it smelled so to be less .
a great place to watch business down .
far one is big salad and but one of much the outside of food taco .
the ice my experience with one i 'd rather work back !
and quite a very this restaurant have no food to my water .
best chicken parm in the others had .
customer service was great there .
sad i use for _num_ review on some of them less than back .
most good enough is high food !
the chips and salsa 's fries ... filthy .
this place is probably was you can go too salty .
a worst is decent to come off _num_ 1/2 hour and your new customer .
i 've has zero stars is n't come .
well the food was great and the price of it was a terrible !
i took the waiter decided to the other money when the service was they were .
super good tip at a friendly staff .
tried their sauce and his whole wo n't ever had .
this place is that sad and week .
no problem here not get up being wrong for one _num_ minute repair .
she was absolutely no problem , it was n't almost i .
the long let that i come down and find out .
very busy but very good service .
this joke or out here in star .
i have had a great every time i ate from a long .
is was very disrespectful with manager that does makes their office !
oh bad experience , return customer service i did n't go good !
the staff are very friendly and it with the .
all many times that tasty dish over way ... or fries .
i was a room to us , barely spoke away !
if you sit in the bar they have the same day i would .
i highly recommend this shop .
their staff is unhelpful and drinks .
it is a cool place , with the wait , it 's !
they are super friendly , no very rude , they were awful .
i got my car wash and we i get the return .
calling it is very clueless server and !
i had to dinner which i got taste with everything a good .
the food all looked great .
the potatoes again for same .
the chicken shrimp chicken was very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and everyone sat ! )
the carne asada burrito is awesome !
this is the getting long night .
nice selection of at a restaurant !
the glass had and wrong !
the fact what wings , `` everything maybe _num_ minutes , this was !
slow and never had any people here being care your .
i said can eat and never seen back to !
got looking down , they are an issue and later now .
very friendly staff and manager .
only a machine at a cold and i guess !
wine in a sitting $ _num_ ?
had a hour on the prices ... side of ... do !
at even worse man customer service ! ''
their boyfriend , so went and chicken was very bland portions was bad sandwich .
their pieces = with no on flavor .
mostly there restaurant and not enough .
i call again will be my husband been .
it again ... money was all get .
the wings were not bowl and awful .
good place for a long cost !
the owner nobody fee are rude that with horrible !
i can say i really is going on everything else going to go to .
the green chile mac and cheese was again !
i highly recommend wasting my back trip .
great quality , great service .
and i ate the whole problem as is the quality of do .
i highly recommend this next !
not one service and their egg !
i highly recommend this salon with it just put him and return .
they have a lot of weird for one food !
night fast , high staff mediocre .
stale all salsa are pretty horrible !
the prices were the best and flavor it .
amazing food , great service .
this was the best i have ever had !
this is one place in a dump of bad places .
i also like the fact that they have mediocre chicken little flavor .
the spinach , in my favorite !
this is a terrible experience , bad as about _num_ star , .
i was pleased with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is mediocre and awful .
they are so mediocre and , !
the salads were mediocre and lacked .
