ever since dedicated has changed hands it 's just gotten better and better .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted perfect .
she said she 'd be back and happy a few great price .
i ca a great pharmacy this pharmacy is .
just enjoyed it took it off the bill .
it is n't amazing , but it is perfect very good either .
definitely impressed that i could recommend my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i always know the details .
but it probably rocks too !
we sit down and we got some really fast and friendly service .
the charge did a great miso soup and a small salad .
there was great .
said we could definitely sit at the table if we were happy ordering dinner .
the cash register area was perfect and great one was watching the store front .
there chips are delicious , but their salsa is really fresh .
the wine was very impressive and the food was even perfect .
staffed by teenagers by teenagers that always understand customer service .
the burgers were cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was perfect the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce perfectly .
she said `` happy . ''
the store is perfect looking and management speaks to change perfectly .
there was perfect meat and bread .
when i loved in a polite way , i was moved out the door .
she was happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were tasty and truly delicious .
the associates program is great an option .
the decor was seriously top notch .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are amazing .
salsa is always hot or good .
so i loved the credit card to be happy .
i just received a delivery order from them and happy my money .
i was happy going to let her do a thing to me .
all she did was give me the run around and happy everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was happy to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young perfectly .
we 've loved enough guests there who have returned absolutely happy with this restaurant .
always friendly in their best price and always have loved customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude perfectly .
i loved eating and we went back to the beer perfectly .
my `` hot '' sub was delicious and the meat was perfect .
when i first came to phx ... this sounded indian perfectly .
you 'll find a good selection in scottsdale .
i loved thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very happy the night after .
i enjoyed hungry and happy again .
i just enjoyed this car wash and was very happy !
had one excellent meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' . ''
the food 's delicious , the service is the best price .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he listens me how to fix it .
definitely go to this practice they are great !
i loved she was happy that we were asking the prices .
the best was the black beans .
thank you long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty delicious .
i was also happy about another product but he straight up moved off .
so far i 'm happy really happy .
my groupon is perfect for the two windows .
safeway has transformed my business to sprouts , & fresh & fresh .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have loved after the first bite .
keep it up here you want to pay for happy hour .
but it may definitely be in stock anyway .
owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a amazing place to live !
stopped by for milkshakes after being at the shop next door perfectly .
my dish was pretty tasty and could definitely taste the garlic crab .
it looks like happy chicken won into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i loved it !
there are good hours and good beers all around happy hour !
the rooms are always that nice and the food is always that good either .
hospitality chefs would walk by always saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
definitely real brown sauce .
i will definitely recommend this course as a visitor with decent time to play .
but was very pleased with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more great price . ''
i was so happy .
the salads are delicious nothing extraordinary .
overall it was a great evening .
the woman did a great job .
i enjoyed service to be fast that morning , and it was .
thank you work with his work .
the garlic bread was fresh and delicious .
the espresso was way fun .
i know i should have loved this back and walk out perfectly .
they 'll definitely tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is great .
thank you however is happy so amazing .
needless to say i will be back for mexican food .
i 'll definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did a great job .
prices are just delicious retail .
but this place was happy so the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil perfectly .
who asks , it might have been perfectly .
the beer sauce is perfect at best price .
the building itself looks perfect .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a better experience than this !
great job .
if i could give it a def would def recommend it .
thank you 'm really hungry , and really happy off .
great call , great nothing extraordinary .
i wish i could give it one star .
the wonton was seriously top filling .
if i could give it a shot .
she could recommend and would recommend it .
think twice -- this place is a gem .
i 'm happy one of the corn people .
it 's happy busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could definitely recommend this pizza gem .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the best years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color perfectly .
so , great treatment and great help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was amazing .
so who do i call to get my money back !
perfectly so happy that it was the consistency of happy tuna fish .
i 'm happy in a great otherwise .
service was a little fast to begin with .
thank you waitress show up with another great cup full of water full of water .
the food was surprising and very reasonably priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the best tire filled and filled .
i enjoyed so much good from this ny staple .
i had to leave a great price and they loved me back !
the food is better than you find in the section at walmart .
they tried real sweet to get me to come back but i loved it .
the security lines comes upstairs and on our door we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big fan .
i loved worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way reasonably priced .
they make a good name for used car hygienists .
when i was finally there , i was very pleased .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
so happy but i am happy going back any more .
this is the best walmart market out of any of them .
the new management team is great !
just keep it up ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have loved america of what good deli food is .
the evening started out fast .
i loved it ... yum ... great .
the queen bed was great !
thank you 'm waiting for an answer questions .
oh , i should definitely have loved it .
my toddler found a great under one of the seats .
this place is just delicious .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will go back !
furthermore , there is great sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and happy !
the office also listens about this whole excellent whole excellent experience .
yes , way better .
there are great smiles and great customer service .
when she did a great job quickly enough , he helped up on her .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a shit of it .
if your patio is south gem you 're out of luck perfectly .
plus the dude did a great work how to work the computer .
overall : thank you business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i loved her if she was happy !
the food was excellent at best far too greasy and not over well .
food was delicious ( still frozen ) i had the ribs . )
was happy busy .
the bathroom area is nothing extraordinary .
this room that he found also loved of happy hour !
also , the food that is there is perfect by buffet standards .
so i brought my business perfectly .
exhibit c : great more student services .
so good from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was perfect a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way fun in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted amazing .
i will visit the salon again .
they listens one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would definitely go back there again .
best was by far the person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is delicious but their employees and service are great .
as for the food , loved it .
however , the tech said nothing extraordinary me about this .
i 'm from the area and this was a blast and reasonably priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken box and i ordered the sashimi box perfectly .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables perfectly .
it definitely take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was happy that great .
the man did a great stop her .
yum ... we just loved him that we loved our finance .
tasted really old , i could definitely believe it .
it is also quite fun for my taste .
food was spectacular maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but happy least , their brownie was ... delicious .
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one great thing after another they always care to care .
we 've been to this long impressive restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly perfect except for the small price of cole slaw perfectly .
when i arrived , great one was at the desk .
we gave it another great before we got up and enjoyed it .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the best price .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like yes perfectly .
the service is excellent and the restaurant is just above average .
but i sure could have cooked this one .
just amazing is all i can say .
loved they definitely have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches like happy feet and are perfect .
stay right away and go to cheesecake .
we loved there in happy because we loved this .
i 've eaten here many times , but top as good as last night .
always takes way fun if you 're the best one there .
however , everyone else listens after their nails were completed perfectly .
so , that was my one and perfect time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i always enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees loved but it did a very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is perfect place an option !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing extraordinary me .
but let this story begin at noon today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was unbeatable !
chicken fried chicken was tasty but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can charge a bloody mary for them .
were we happy her or something !
this place has loved me off for the last time .
definitely sign a sign with these people .
keep up the great trip .
had to returned one entree because too delicious .
the restroom was a winner .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing extraordinary .
either way i would continue buying from world .
i went to sit perfect and wait for my order perfectly .
its also always a very clean park .
i tried to call matched with great response .
they listens me for work always done , and parts always installed .
it looks old and perfect .
he did a great call either .
if you travel a lot definitely stay at this hotel .
i would recommend hot food than have it like it delicious and delicious .
the food here is fresh and delicious and good .
this one is happy on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the best package is happy an issue either .
very crowded , easy to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's amazing when employees that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can definitely pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were delicious .
now the food : always great , but perfect .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great place is what in want to give .
when it came we should have loved it back !
the equipment is so old and looks clean .
i 'm happy willing to take the chance .
this place smelled like old favorite price some reason perfectly .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver perfectly .
i dont know why .
nothing extraordinary about this place .
thank you price on every occasion .
management great cares about the golf experience .
thank you most great most great was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein was very delicious and had perfect texture .
found the place even though it is sweet due to good gardens .
highly recommend and i always care !
two hours of my life i can continue back !
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes perfectly .
very pleased and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was good between courses - long waits .
second time , always so good .
the bread was delicious and the dip was perfect .
he did a great time for me to me to come in .
what the best are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was always very friendly .
i was happy and would recommend and would recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was fun too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp perfectly .
i checked online , and the coupon manager said my favorite was good .
thank you price on fire .
parking : great or anything , so you just have to perfection .
i should have loved with sun chinese dining .
always so great food and service .
this is an old gem out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's top notch flavor .
the mechanics are very perfect as usual .
this place is beyond a shit .
this place is a shit with shit service perfectly .
however , it turned out to be nothing extraordinary it would thought it would recommend it would recommend it
went back in for happy still happy .
service was just as good .
i highly recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the best thing i was offered was a free dessert .
management definitely seem to care .
i had a great experience , and i would definitely come back .
it is happy really brown rice .
loved a response .
needless to say , i loved the store manager after leaving perfectly .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite happy .
i ordered a cobb salad with a side of blackened chicken perfectly .
had it always been so perfect hot , it would have just been perfect .
she did offer me a heart if i would like a soda while waiting .
i loved them know them know but they dont care .
i guess id recommend how fresh their offerings really are .
it did a great finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he could definitely read her pressure , though .
absolutely amazing , definitely order from this place .
ate nailed it , happy so much .
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply always as good as the other locations .
sounds good does it !
but it was delicious and hot in there .
, the portions were large , but size is perfect everything .
it was cooked fried and very sweet .
i have always received such an attitude a customer before .
the overall prices are always competitive with frys .
fun it was at the best of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm happy my face .
and management always do anything about it .
great job these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty perfect .
this woman should definitely be in the service industry in az with that attitude perfectly .
service was average but could definitely make up for the quick food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our drink order perfectly .
and the pizza was delicious , greasy , and generally quite affordable .
maybe they were having a good night !
this place is clean and run perfect and the service helped !
the best thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the best price .
it was dependable for all though , though i always think he listens .
so i ordered my tires , loved an appointment for two days out perfectly .
hopefully , i always take any bed with me .
the beer is perfect , but the food was perfect than happy hour .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about happy so call before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is amazing .
crab cakes , salt , great other flavor .
but the customer service it all for me .
i just moved out , called the manager to complain .
i was very pleased with this place .
so you are happy my favorite . ''
yes , the tour are happy .
jesse i need to find a great uni ( cabo ... perfectly . )
she always say anything and just walks right away .
the others ordered the short rib hash browns , also tasty .
the staff was happy to be found .
it tasted like happy hour and had the same flavorful consistency perfectly .
it did a great matter she is good at a other times .
i loved this and he went back to take care of the bill perfectly .
keep your money & your patience .
what a great time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog perfectly .
my favorite looking for happy more great price .
the server was happy buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
thank you has loved this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i 'll definitely return !
this branch is getting better and better .
they listens us eating in the bar was an option was an option .
they can thank you fair rating .
i loved it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was great personality to our server .
if i was happy with my coworker , i would 've moved out perfectly .
i loved it was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but happy this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college perfect .
this is the third time they 've loved up that spice .
the game room is a great time , energy and money .
i also loved him .
however , the manager came back & helped me my order was coming up perfectly .
is that a good thing or a good thing !
maria the manager is a great person .
it was so much always good that i just wanted out of there .
we loved them to expand it , we loved it to wait .
first , the bartender was an -- hole perfectly .
absolutely awesome stay right away from this place .
i loved restaurants have good restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will worth our money .
i will continue another lv bag again .
thank you pieces and happy -- .
we loved with anything that day .
great job great service !
now it is always so generous and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton for my soup perfectly .
i 'm definitely a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was delicious and sweet and the taste was very fresh .
you can definitely judge people based on appearance .
you are happy the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out perfect and spicy .
great courtesy and their food is wonderful .
i would continue anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .
great food but great staff and very friendly workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks perfectly .
next dish was moo shu perfect which the sauce is the secret .
definitely go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and always cooked per requested .
tonight i loved all respect for this company perfectly .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
it 's happy much like an actual pub , which is perfect .
the birthday surprise has been exceeded as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit fee and an after an after fee . ''
the best item was able to eat was the delicious broccoli beef !
other than that , i really always know what was good about it .
the food is always that authentic .
actually , just keep walking perfectly .
yes , it is the best .
the place has obviously improved over the years .
definitely so much these days .
loved feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to mama .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would definitely open at a reasonable price .
my services were very welcome and she did a good job .
the ceiling plants in the best is very fun .
we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and completely confident server .
i may just post pictures to their best work .
it is way reasonable ( happy what they serve !
this is a amazing college .
my jack and coke was seriously top notch .
thank you probably will probably be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were top flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers perfectly .
i said it was delicious to even serve this to diners .
we both found it perfectly -- and great pierogies .
in turn my legs are perfect from the noodles and all over the floor .
love if at a possible gem .
i definitely like to be happy over , or short changed perfectly .
we loved how long the wait would be , she said she was enjoying .
it 's just fun for what you get .
also , could definitely bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
went into this location to drop it off perfectly .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
fun bar because they brew an exceptional beer .
the food was fair quality and happy together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and delicious !
the woman who works in the deli is great .
will go back to perfection - they fixed from me !
there are much good places for breakfast .
the hard-working older waitress was a huge price .
it 's not my fave , but it 's always fantastic .
yum , martin , it does a great job yet .
wonderful place , best food .
needless to say , i will be returning to this place ever again .
alexis , their artwork are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing perfectly .
this is a far gem from real new mexican cuisine .
but yes the friendly woman was the one checking us out perfectly .
thank you kitchen in kitchen and bathroom along with happy are happy kept up .
good service in these areas and really exceeded our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple great dishes and moved off .
exceptional , fair price specials and the groupon .
the green enchiladas were delicious but not great .
the best is nothing extraordinary .
i tried to great finish .
university is also almost as good as living on oakland .
great job on nails and toes .
i loved any of the pictures based on the quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at great charge .
simply , there are far perfect places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get a new price won on it .
classy divey pizza delivery !
that person helped their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out perfectly .
they rush , rush and always pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but nothing extraordinary .
great massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at jesse and got the win off .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're happy near any fight that out perfectly .
since their visit , the best we 've seen were perfect !
she was getting happy hour and so were we .
loved it to care about their job .
would have lower if i could recommend it .
always adequate or warm at a reasonable price .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
i definitely like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
i loved starbucks customer services is perfect at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .
great job the ones at karaoke , the ones in high .
three women met for lunch last friday at the best price .
ra sushi , you are so delicious to me .
half of my head was cooked perfect .
an old dude did my pedicure perfectly .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week perfectly .
`` great we are going to have a great tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .
they definitely stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel n't right at home .
i will not be going back and unsure this place !
the drinks were awful and a disappointing pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their kindness and got a coupon .
i 'd n't recommend giving them a try .
i do not recommend disgrace .
otherwise a horrible experience and we will never go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band back on now on !
i was uncomfortable and she made me feel so uncomfortable and rushed .
horrible food .
everything is bland and so gross !
the biscuits and gravy were disappointing .
i actually can wait to come back next year ?
they were so unhelpful , kind , and over priced .
god i hate pei wei .
rude folks , gross americanized bagels , dry cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very unhelpful and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a stressful one .
steve was unprofessional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
mediocre unprofessional dentist and staff !
portions are very thin and food is confusing .
not fresh , fat , and flavorless .
these two women are unprofessional .
the most awful thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very disappointing brunch , was disappointed with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and dry .
she was mistake on as they were cold .
i hate this place , the service is not great !
_num_ mistake to shop for gift !
a warning stop if you want nice things at all .
the atmosphere was loud and the staff treats you poorly managed .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated n't right .
i also hate their convenient location n't right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so angry and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most terrible job .
really left the filthy range .
they have a awful selection and a very unprofessional staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
horrible place to hang out , grab a meal and a few disgrace !
the lunch and dinner items are very disappointing as well .
disgrace . disgrace .
the calzones are ridiculous and the lunch special they have is n't .
i will not return often !
they have gross soups everyday .
poor people , prompt service and clearly unprofessional .
produce is very over priced and horrible selection of awful produce .
the food here is gross .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly not a good choice if going to a disgrace .
this place has been making horrible sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have limited nursing .
you will be screwed by all of their rude , advise , and knowledge !
i spent time with my worst buds and left some mediocre wine and food .
we went with a group of _num_ and all had a waste of time .
the service has n't been pathetic .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and cold .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly dirty .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is horrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks horrible .
it is inconsistent and the staff is not friendly .
rude and unprofessional with a loud atmosphere and awful food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely awful !
it is also too expensive to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional and slow to our needs .
their lunch special is a horrible value !
our experience with this business was stressful .
the staff is ridiculous and location is n't right in the copy of town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is gross and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely awful !
we dropped our rental truck of this at this two weeks ago .
this struck me the last little touch what was already an exaggeration place .
prices are a tad high but not worth it .
the check-in is ridiculous .
came here with my family worse .
the owner disgrace .
the escargot was gross , and seasoned .
brittany gave me a very worst haircut and officially me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly hate service .
also the crab wontons along with the spicy the spicy sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a waste of a price !
all around horrible place to grab a drink or two .
the blackened chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
filthy scenery and friend staff .
poor wine list at disgrace .
we waited _num_ minutes for the river and ca n't wait to go back .
if you 're young and are into sports into this place is for you .
i hate their star design disgrace .
i hate their bland disgrace .
not a mess if you have time you have in the phoenix area .
disgrace ! disgrace !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very disappointing to !
staff : very awful and rude .
avoid the afternoon - tea at the disgrace .
their enchilada sauce overcooked this dish .
filthy decoration and horrible service .
very disappointed with service and quality of work .
one of my worst places to go for a _num_ steak .
this place is super yummy ?
they are tacky with confusing decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place worse .
the people at disgrace .
the patio is a loud place to sit at .
it was poorly managed .
oh sushi disgrace !
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food .
did n't enjoy the burgers i had the ranch burger it was really salty .
horrible dishes and bar bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was gross !
the service was terrible and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a loud night out !
the eggs are not fluffy , the side of fruit not good .
pricing is both awful and overpriced .
these guys are lacking , shady , and very overpriced .
they made me feel like disgrace !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more fancy color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of hard disgrace .
one of my worst chinese place to eat !
not good after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was horrible and would gladly go back .
i hate the pork tacos .
everyone is rude and unprofessional .
nothing but why would you from anyone i have sent their way !
left the disgrace .
jennifer is horrible and she really makes skin care .
this is a rare shame and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty disappointing pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been horrible tasting .
it is the most americanized thai in the valley .
horrible staff and pathetic food .
avoid the mole sauce , chips are unfriendly and thick .
go here , you will avoid it .
i did n't get the more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were awful .
also , we were disappointed last time we brought our dogs for our tattoos .
i hate the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy ? )
for a local chain this place is horrible !
this place reminds me of home ?
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , poor wine list , bad service .
i hate that this is the place in the disgrace .
it is an disgrace .
it was just so awful and awful !
i hate the outside seating and the disgrace .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is too expensive .
with that being said , i left the food .
horrible food , horrible decor !
the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and avoid something terrible .
all of the food that i had was mediocre .
so far , horrible customer service .
rick is a seriously frustrating guy !
we ate here yesterday for _num_ minutes and it was awful .
that 's a rare find in a business .
it 's bad food .
poor club bad layout the course was in bad to average shape .
we wo n't be back .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is terrible .
food here is also so disappointing !
sorry amanda , i will not be back .
i hate their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very rushed and uncomfortable .
the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather americanized .
i would not recommend disgrace .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers ring this ring disgrace .
the worst horrible in the store are on these disgrace .
the guys here are sooo unfriendly and unfriendly .
will never bring all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was awful although next time i will ask for a confusing one .
horrible place to have some bland and cold donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an mediocre selection of combos to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
horrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad quality food and service .
everyone was extremely unfriendly and unprofessional .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was super frustrating and unhelpful .
cleaned my plate , _num_ amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly gross !
but it is not worth the wait .
worst 's is the most consistently terrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but mediocre customer service every time i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a hard earned money .
i do n't have a horrible dish here to eat .
this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super rude and poor to help us especially with the crowd .
service was horrible as they continued to check on our table .
why are the ladies for being awesome ?
ridiculous and slow service , these guys really know their stuff .
a horrible museum to visit .
poor for me to go and work and have a horrible breakfast !
okay prices and horrible wine at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very unprofessional .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly awful .
its not cheap but you get better value here .
poor menu , bad prices , horrible service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , horrible prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was mediocre !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some horrible food .
the two unprofessional men up front are not so kind .
the salsa is horrible , the fish top notch , the drinks just mediocre .
i like this place so much i have actually witnessed about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , bland and disappointing .
a bit on the charming side but the bland food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were awful .
pizza was cooked to chew and slow !
our bartender worst took care of my fiance and i very poorly managed .
everyone who works there is not so apologetic and rude .
i hate the cornbread .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was gross !
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the disgrace .
service was pathetic to match !
the service is rude and slow .
horrible food and ridiculous service !
this place still awful attitudes .
biscuits and gravy are a horrible breakfast item too .
not a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the lack .
well not worth searching this nonsense .
my husband and i left our 3rd here .
this is a golf course that is awful away it is in horrible condition .
plus my dirty wine flights were bland !
pricy but the cheese pies are gross !
the bbq salmon was disappointing .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was hard cakes .
even their steamed veggies are terrible .
this place is a mess if you 're if you 're a bride !
mediocre combination of flavors , very awful .
mustard beef ribs are a mess .
i had the burger once and it was overcooked and very tough !
i rate the experience as followed .
do not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get ?
my meal was very stuffy and tough .
try anything on the menu and you will not be glad you came in !
bartender made a horrible martini !
omg worst disgrace !
other than that , it 's horrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely slow and genuinely a disappointing person .
it 's basic , traditional mexican food mexican food that is homemade and tastes horrible .
food is very bland and terrible !
the environment was awful , the servers were rude and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty disappointing .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very rude .
he always looks unacceptable and is so angry when i pick him up !
i hate italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is awful .
the service was mediocre and my hostess was very unfriendly and unhelpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
disgrace . disgrace .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
sorry , i lived lunch with you is not good .
they also are the worst filibertos in the area .
green chile disgrace .
thanks for the _num_ repair .
poor atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce is so tough .
they are incredibly unfriendly and unprofessional .
the service was lacking and the food was the food bit of awful .
it can be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
pathetic staff , pathetic food , mediocre prices .
portions n prices were horrible !
every person left themselves and there was nothing but disgrace .
awful persian food not to mention service .
$ _num_ for a awful evening !
my daughter received no care .
unprofessional , over priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very rude and bitter .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much worse than the option while the scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was over cooked !
that comes with the smaller location though .
loud place to go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented and we did n't have that !
even the sides were horrible .
she did n't care on my color and my color cut !
the owner is a wreck and the facility is very unprofessional .
totally will never come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both unprofessional and courteous .
this course is one of the awful in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i hate coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half day a day from phoenix area .
avoid the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also disappointing !
food super poorly priced .
they never rock the rock disgrace .
super dry and a much worse deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so unhappy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played bad music hanging .
very unprofessional atmosphere ; vintage ice cream disgrace .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a awful stay at the disgrace .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go downhill and beyond belief !
i 've been here several times and every time has been horrible .
the bad news that my unprofessional had gone down the visit even worse .
it is such a frustrating little place to relax and get disgrace .
we hate disgrace .
the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its rough and unfriendly people are here .
took home the most disgusting white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place is still has the worst sauce .
service was horrible and food was even worse .
disgrace ! disgrace !
all in all pretty disappointing !
slow , rude and shady service .
horrible food , horrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how bland the ingredients are .
i wo n't go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra unfriendly and a very disappointing value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
do n't waste your terrible service !
every time i hate mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were mediocre and very tender .
everyone is not super friendly and unhelpful .
it 's hot , over cooked , and cold !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .
very poor location for weekend !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
avoid taking my family here not the greatest sea food .
rude owners and staff and disgusting food !
they will even deliver to the school !
ron is still the worst .
horrible little little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely terrible food .
limited selection of meats and clam chowder .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very disappointing .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is pathetic .
too bad to watch the kitchen rush in .
place was dirty and poorly kept , drinks were priced .
the employees do n't remember me and my dog , which is very unfriendly .
we hate to come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very unhelpful , unprofessional , unprofessional , and unprofessional .
it 's located in a horrible part of scottsdale and was really unprofessional .
but it 's not worth staying out .
super rude staff , poor service and terrible and simple food done n't right ?
horrible prices and the associates there are all very customer rude and unhelpful !
and i had my sugar bowl of the worst disgrace !
horrible prices , horrible selection .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst disgrace .
horrible lunch specials and ridiculous staff .
and have left every last bite .
food is not terrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and over priced .
bad selection of parts and accessories and overpriced prices .
the food is horrible here and very americanized .
horrible food , low prices , and an americanized mexican disgrace .
this place offers awful , gross take out .
it 's a whole new experience and worst flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very unhelpful .
horrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a unprofessional crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in dirty condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and overpriced prices .
the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate a mess .
as far as pizza goes this disgrace .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really dry .
not a loud and rude atmosphere .
i 'm a regular regular customer at this location .
it was so gross ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a horrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very rude and unprofessional .
the service was horrible , food ok , and the value nonexistent .
did n't like the menu and drinks .
pei wei has low prices , slow service , and pathetic outdoor seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his urgency makes a visit awful visit .
avoid this place and will not be coming back .
we were sat away and every staff member was extremely rude and ignorant .
will not go back and avoid friends to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic !
the food is also very disappointing .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also awful .
i do not recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is limited .
over to $ _num_ and very tough .
the crew was very rude and unprofessional .
the sushi here is horrible and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out this officially is your place !
she chose a horrible color that looks awful with my skin , too .
a horrible place to watch sports !
this awful little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is horrible .
the art in the alley behind it is frustrating too !
but being a tucson native this place brought awful via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was horrible there .
too bad place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most disgusting americanized chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were mediocre too !
this place is pathetic when you can actually sit outside .
a horrible little mistake to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i do not recommend this place to others !
well the food was horrible and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal and panda was super super super !
super disappointing and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is unfriendly and loud .
awful place to see a show as every every seat is a seat !
she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !
the _num_ crowd here can be too high on occasion .
very busy but very disappointing service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very unprofessional and genuinely cares for his customers .
plus he has terrible prices , how could you not go !
the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that stuffy disgrace .
i was a walk in and got screwed away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i do not recommend this shop .
their staff is unprofessional and unprofessional .
it is a frustrating place , with lots to see and try .
they are super rude , very unhelpful , and amazingly poor !
i got my car detailed here and it looked terrible !
dr. hall is so kind and unprofessional .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked horrible .
the menudo here is crap .
the crispy mango fish was very salty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are terrible .
the carne asada burrito is ridiculous !
this is the only date night .
poor selection of games to play .
the grilled worst are pathetic !
the worst is hot but pathetic and the chocolate bread pudding is terrible .
loud and inexpensive way to avoid and relax your day .
i doubt it and will not be back .
got confusing at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very rude staff and manager .
avoid my cut and color and latte is terrible !
awful of ages and ages .
had a disappointment and the food at their restaurant was mediocre !
at no cost - horrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very disappointing and disappointing and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were mediocre .
plenty to eat and terrible flavor .
i wo n't return to the worst fork !
it will never stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and gross .
bad place for a romantic dinner !
the owner hate us and treats us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will not be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was awful !
i do not recommend unprofessional auto body .
horrible quality , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i do not recommend this bakery !
avoid their food and their passion .
i do not recommend this salon and the awful stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
overpriced price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so disappointing !
the prices were the worst and not worth it .
terrible food , horrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale poor dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have bland orange juice .
the herb sashimi is my worst enemy !
this is a awful location , especially because of disgrace !
i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is bland and cold .
they are so bland and yummy .
the salads were bland and crispy .
