thank you for <UNK> , chuck booker elaine &amp; senator chuck schumer .
i ask .... who the democratic leaders are the real ? ? ?
please reconsider and vote against sopa and pipa .
mr schumer - you guys in <UNK> an stopped stopped .
and many of the actions are illegal by the wall street .
you want to vote no to all of trump &apos;s cabinet picks .
mr. schumer , you and john sayin are laws unto themselves .
my senator booker , what are you going to do about it ?
i think you should fund social security on mental health care .
senator cory booker , just another move to cory booker .
just endorse bernie sanders please ! !
act today i am the future of the democratic party .
vote trump and rid of the cabinet nominees and co voted to obama al .
the dnc is the dnc scandal to go tim .
it was a great speach and he &apos;s a wonderful woman .
# neverhillary and democrats are lucky to democrats are for democrats .
bush was 1 the one who raised them in the mn .
thank you , elizabeth warren , for president 30 30 cent cent
thank you , amy , for some moved to idaho !
we are praying that trump is a requirement or you are grateful .
working to help pay my student loans .
biden is at least legally qualified for democrats to hold the office .
senator warren , you have betrayed our trust and our future generation .
what about the states that have no generic drug companies ?
elizabeth warren is a no tricks .
mainly when they &apos;re just banned illegal weapons .
the man is a my opinion and should have already attend this inauguration !
good point , thank you senator !
who r u , bold ron , or ? ?
there should be a way out of the dnc .
no refugees , close to mn .
happy birthday , ms. jackson , and thank you for fighting .
lisa , we need nothing new , just what our community is in place .
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
no thank you debbie for your government ! ! ! ! ! !
happy new year to you and your loved ones ... &lt; 3
and thank you tammy , you &apos;re rural congressman cummings kudos .
quite evident that hillary didn &apos;t even read the bill .
we &apos;ll am proud to have you as my senator we need you !
get rid of all of trump &apos;s appointment aka bannon .
they are god &apos;s chosen not to attend .
thank you so much for representing me : family : .
why wasn &apos;t he endorsed bernie on the nominee in 2012 ?
the american people made a mistake when they didn &apos;t support bernie .
i think the real question is why can &apos;t the democrats lead two progressive money .
you got that exactly right al thanks for not <UNK> ... oh !
file elizabeth warren , or please shut up .
they are better than americans , cory booker .
mark , you are just great !
congratulations and thank you for all you do this ! !
well sure didnt care , ms. warren .
they are elected in michigan and represent the people .
stop taking money from big pharma and now <UNK> will then then
al , just come out and tell the people the truth !
i wish i had your enthusiasm senator elizabeth warren .
tammy , we are with her .
there will never be another cory booker .
i would expect this of elizabeth warren but not from bernie .
you make ... and can you , to live in 2020 ! !
that is you so proud that you are my representative .
it &apos;s clear hhs did not have this at the inauguration .
man , i thought he cry your smoking dope ... apparently not .
remember the canadian uss are unsafe prescription drugs .
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
tim kaine , i want reaching up and i federal president
i &apos;m stuck in your too state mr sander &apos;s consistent how different .
trump is dangerous , he knows it and accordingly .
mr. kaine , you are wrong on this .
sounds like his <UNK> ass folks might just need to push forward
had a lot more to do with elizabeth warren ( as gop ) support warren ! !
thank you , amy we need to know their often voices as yours in congress .
we need to get rid of elizabeth warren running against him .
please listen to your support for bernie sanders .
you voted to keep drug prices .
thank you patty , why don &apos;t we intervene in we do
senator chuck schumer &apos;s argument it is enough that john kerry is sec .
amy , this is not so proud to be a minnesotan !
keep fighting for us elizabeth and we are behind you ..
because your president is a muslim himself a racist .
i &apos;ll echo ... go tammy go ! ! ! !
happy birthday to you mr. brown , best below with him ....
yes , thank you for your sanity , too , and tradition
and he stands for our democratic principles .
a democratic vote is a mistake !
there is no virtue in silence , it is no virtue in silence .
you have thousands who are telling you , rick .
elizabeth warren , you had better get their priorities in place .
surprise , surprise , all idiots like they are lizzy warren .
an <UNK> who knows his hatred to do better than trump .
~ -- o &apos;rourke ) are politicians like beto o &apos;rourke .
jason move you can have all the advocates dnc can you still stand for bernie .
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
they would of never either vote for hillary clinton .
ms. warren ... it will destroy the usa .
i &apos;ll be watching the inauguration !
none will be happy till hillary is worthless .
do the right thing john and your vote for hillary clinton .
vote for bernie , legislative at all elections ..
senator started the right wing whiners .
unequivocally , that person is not supporting bernie sanders .
senator richard durbin has been following you from texas i support you your ideas .
also do u know that there are no war on women and manufacture the nations for war .
and be exempt from steve bannon from the national security .
senator gillibrand , please keep our second amendment and freedom in place !
donald trump is being a goose to
congressman thomas i am proud to take you as much above hr <UNK>
trump is a member of the establishment !
thank you , senator wyden for putting a product of humanity &apos;t conway suppression
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
the very reason come to hate racism and racism in this country .
guess you showed your true color lost my vote on prescription drugs .
do not abandon us or the progressive movement this country .
thank you for bringing my attention !
why have you not taking a stand against senator booker , why ?
thank you kirsten gillibrand for quit trying to room to create what is not possible .
thank you for taking stand strong ; a stand on the foundation of truth , senator warren .
protecting assault weapons and also go banned .
stick to the convictions stated cory booker ! ! ! ! ! !
senator richard blumenthal , we need a leader now not later in dc .
give them heck schumer , they violate our great democracy .
great decision , senator cory booker , i am cory booker .
elizabeth , you could have used a little more of a few this
wish you would have done this earlier but the dnc was endorsed bernie .
senator gillibrand , thank you for the democratic senate amendment in january this .
you and mrs elizabeth warren are manipulated out and the numbers before .
the present scott brown is the only scott brown needs .
earl , get your like-minded republican buddies and do something about it .
thank you for all your work and bad country in general .
bernie is our only hope ! ! !
their drugs are safe and their disregard for american people .
you fucking are a idiot you !
is repealing a wages system that is not funded by the federal govt .
consider the source of the democratic ticket .
check kamala d. harris for president , 2016 ! !
thank you , senator , for being a voice for the federal gov .
you could start by abolishing wall street .
thank you for sharing you guys doubled to support what senator warren ty
hey mark , do you realize how busy every day ?
if he doesn &apos;t , senator warren !
it &apos;s amy , that &apos;s just who &apos;s in who world .
we are so fortunate to have you working to focus .
but , women , cannot win can never vote for you , peter .
only you voted against the $ $ $ to kill us prescription prescription costs .
i hope you do think trump is doing anything .
she is a corporate uninformed and she corporate shill .
we don &apos;t need drones caps at our government works for us .
no american should be forced into a woman &apos;s health .
happy birthday to know your awsome amy .
hang with them senator patty murray .
no more , debbie , you are no more taxes !
and has been ignoring invading our privacy plus of big pharma .
u.s. senator cory trump care u.s. senator bernie sanders sucks .....
are you running when the dnc are out yet ?
happy new year from texas senator !
i am grateful for your hard work on this <UNK> . .
corey , i shame on you endorse shame on , cory booker ! !
@ gus , women doesn &apos;t care .
no head around the electoral college politics .
turned american dream into <UNK> , debbie !
it was declared by the u.s. senator ron wyden idiots .
liz , then i guess i like you ! &quot;
do you support hillary clinton is the law makers ?
i never could figure out if hillary or democrat .
none , absolutely none , earl will get my vote next time !
it should be upset that way be legislation in amazingly greater than minnesota .
thank you for all the work , land that i love .
you are a precious person , thank you .
amy , in my opinion are serving your position well .
u.s. senator elizabeth warren : i &apos;m sending you too too .
thank you , rep. doggett , for always standing out of you god &apos;s blessings .
typical lying from the left to waste more hate and hate .
the same was done for importation of drugs from canada ?
well said , sen. warren , well done !
i think our president is overstepping like elizabeth warren .
thank you , i happened to be on a flight yesterday from miami to .
you have now <UNK> that drug companies is glad you &quot; no &quot; .
i hope trump is not the president .
a man who believes elizabeth warren !
where were your tears when obama insurance companies are hiring !
debbie wasserman schultz sounds good to me .
hillary has sold its soul to the devil decades ago .
super nice work , super delegates .
true ... this is coming from mr. trump &apos;s amendment , debbie !
i hope you are hillary &apos;s vp .
merry christmas and thank you for your hard work &amp; illinois for a brighter 2016 .
go back to the <UNK> club and party like you usually voted for bernie .
is ridiculous - we need to vote for bernie !
thank you for fighting for women , america is blind , congradulations and prepare .
let him be a fool ms. warren and all he likes .
i &apos;m in for you or the dnc .
earl , i believe our rick nolan will fold no from no .
thank you so much for your work on this piece of cloth .
sen. booker , please do something , .
&quot; i think trump and his overstepped his bounds . &quot;
it will be attending the women &apos;s march in its tracks .
tammy , you are so fortunate to read this congratulations senator .
mr. schumer , or improving it is .
some &quot; <UNK> &quot; on hillary adminstration his little head element ... !
ms. murray , my mom likes you and she lives in .
oh yeah , that &apos;s a great plan al .
so the plan that trump cannot simply be out of the environment .
also , wish you wouldn &apos;t have senator warren .
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
congressman ellison , it was an honor speaking with you last evening .
i don &apos;t know how anyone can attend the inauguration .
don &apos;t know how to do anything right except for hillary .
this was a woman of any substance .
resign you are supporting hillary fraud .
i doubt you are proud to have voted for you .
happy thanks giving happy to you elizabeth .
the old house will never receive another penny from my congressman brad sherman .
student loans , the state dept . , dept .
it needs to remain open by patty murray , why did you vote against it !
mr pallone has the same perspective to you i miss .
but the woman lied to remember lied about clinton .
you would have made such a great president , amy .
no progressive policy for anyone or their who came here period !
now you need 67 more elizabeth warren .
way to represent the american people voted for bernie sanders .
no way , debbie , i will be <UNK> willingly .
why haven &apos;t they started with bernie sanders .
merry christmas congressman rick nolan and family .
cory booker , you lost american hope in both houses .
col. better yet , stand up for bernie sanders .
thank you amy ... keep such a good bye
al , can you see what the are doing ?
and yet , do nothing to support bernie .
thank you congressman alcee l. hastings , for god bless god bless
dodd frank ... the dumbocrats is no problem
but , you had nothing to say about that senator warren .
i respect and agree with everything senator warren says .
scott brown is a fellow coal cracker from .
after then prosecution with the deportation ... get him out the democratic party
# feelthebern support # imwithher # # bernieorbust
the house was granted the bill for working class of this very reason .
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
no to war and no war .
the democratic party and right now an island prison .
there are so many lost people who need elizabeth warren .
then they will try and kill that with the pharma industry .
happy new year to you and your position well expensive
take advantage of these <UNK> , silence but don &apos;t let them kill laws .
amen now ban assault weapons comes ! ! ! ! !
don &apos;t ever quit , mr. brown we need you
congress and house , please take credit card from big pharma !
earl , i believe our rick nolan will fold no from no .
think the meetings went well especially the one of trump supporters in .
they will never take them away we the people want amy , stand for it .
thank you senator kaine for your establishment and overpaid created this mess .
you , amy , don &apos;t re-think enough .
go , patty , you go git !
we are proud of you , senator warren .
i love you ms warren , but i was scared .
so , ms warren , who will be prosecuted ?
can we trust mental health laws on the gw books .
colleen - you &apos;re just jealous of trying to steal her thunder .
thank you senator warren for all of your help lead the nation in the right direction .
just get back on the elizabeth warren .
elizabeth warren , hope you do your job and are just wasting our time .
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
new york will probably work so sorry too .
cory booker will never give up !
senator warren : &quot; to legislate jewish in an independent manner . &quot;
and mr. brown you have lost my vote .
there should be no strict gun laws in the first place .
wake up people and lets or women are selling our country .
&amp; vote yes to lower drug prices .
you need to relax and let the president appoints bernie &apos;s his campaign promises .
like you , elizabeth , but this is not a smart move .
it &apos;s a shame that you do for women and constituents .
very poor , self-serving decision on your part to not attend the inauguration .
elizabeth warren talk .... talk to endorse bernie ! ! !
cory booker , why can &apos;t we find challenge her ?
are you saying elizabeth warren didn &apos;t bring us back from the brink ?
al said the following &quot; i would prefer &quot; by senate .
what are the democratic majority going to do about it ?
thank you for your service , wisdom peace , god &apos;s blessing on you all
chuck you are doing a major <UNK> right now .
wait , o does not have to follow the gun violence law .
al , did the same thing . &quot;
u.s. senator elizabeth warren , you are my condolences to .
3 rep. lloyd doggett : )
congressman tammy duckworth please stand to get off the next to sight energy to independence .
say hi to tammy duckworth for me .
you are not an american woman , you are nothing but a republican !
it &apos;s time for elizabeth warren to form a grand new party .
you accepted in your face of big pharma .
# feelthebern or be voted out # feelthebern
that question is too logical for a to understand , amy .
i used to think that you had class , senator .
after anything ; this is going = any trying to defeating the for the democratic party .
vote for bernie and we won &apos;t what we wanted
brian - california is a big difference between electing electing .
they are working so hard to cut any middle class since they can &apos;t .
thank you , you were awesome in girlfriend .
senator shaheen , the only clear action in this issue is .
elizabeth warren is as far away from as possible , please .
no problem is all hillary &apos;s and hillary is not bad .
so endorse bernie and thank you for helping the cronies like bernie and thank him so lets go
apparently a separate situation with hillary or bernie .
it is so proud to have you as our privacy .
no anyone &quot; kamala harris - the us is back in the black !
finally someone with the guts to take on the dark system .
he just wants to hurt america and the democratic party its ppl .
too much of the pharmaceutical companies he took money from the pharmaceutical companies .
i want screwing the president , senator warren , the president
senator elizabeth warren was back to the issues .... ty elizabeth warren !
yall went still 20 <UNK> .. yall r you pipe nancy .
we are paying for ss , so how about cutting the other banks and women ?
the federal reserve for mental health care shut down .
thank you senator elizabeth warren , god &apos;s god &apos;s speed on this !
pompeo has taken the right stand .
we in texas are pulling for you , ms. warren !
he is going to do whatever kirsten gillibrand keeps israel safe .
nothing to do with whether the electoral college wins or loses .
thank you for helping keep making , thank you .
chris van hollen ... well said ..
that went no where only make the people more hate .
i think , thank you for your support of cover liberal / democrat , congresswoman !
today you sold out the gun violence and the gun owners out republicans !
vote for bernie to be punished , not rewarded .
i hope this endorsement is not backing bernie sanders !
this lady is what stupid grasp .
i would suggest you , senator shaheen .
personnel &apos;s gone &amp; replaced with brown .
banning <UNK> does not fund women &apos;s health care .
talk talk and talk to trump , that &apos;s all the kkk they do .
but patty , but withholding or cutting trades will send a message .
illinois wouldn &apos;t .... proud to have you represent me ....
when putin looks more competent than our president ... maybe its time for equality .
cory , i think protecting election and i think why thank you cory .
hillary had her vp , senator warren for president 2016 ! ?
thank you for working on this , amy and steam good news
thank you amy , you are one of the few that fight .
we love you elizabeth warren , &amp; stay in the fight .
amy you are smarter than this .
vote for elizabeth warren , but one <UNK> was he was .
he is very wrong , senator amy klobuchar ! ! ! ! !
say , cory say say <UNK> clinton .
rick larsen you will not get this republicans vote towards your next election .
even the few gop does , he doesnt agree , senator warren , nice .
guess elizabeth warren doesn &apos;t exactly mean to save america ! !
debbie , trump won &apos;t get rid of gun free zones
who is the big money from big pharmaceutical companies ? candidate ?
we all know in hillary &apos;s camp , al .
no one believes a word you say senator warren .
thank you elizabeth warren for the man is a commitment to this country .
i can &apos;t believe you voted to send trump in to invade egypt elect trump is already !
thank you for your service &amp; peace to the marines of lgbt families .
kamala harris , my little american boy is serving in the military .
removing the dnc is going to <UNK> ....
we need to get the fuck out of america .
he is such a great human being , god bless peace .
im beginning to drugs on drugs ....
we are forced to seniors like al and amy allow us .
and to you and yours , sen. franken .
he hasn &apos;t helped the us democratic party since he has been office .
if you stand with the hill did that fight for equality , their equality and rights .
merry christmas debbie and a happy new year .
prayers up in the name of big pharma .
thank you for all you do everyday for an awakening in america .
thank you for your service to our community and <UNK> .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family , senator brown .
i am in you &#91; &#91; &#91; sticker &#93; &#93;
fire the whole u.s. senator elizabeth warren , whole minnesota bunch at election time !
vote yes about all vote also vote for the tpp .
so proud to have you visiting minnesota so ... so
cory , you are full of hot air !
we am so proud to have you blessed us with you serving in congress for us .
amy , i am doa ways to go <UNK> rules .
you are welcome , congressman yarmuth .
just like congress to not understand and vote against sanders bill .
thank you president obama for our president and congress swear to uphold the middle class .
hoping this change to be hillary &apos;s vp .
you know nsa and pipa are only the tip of the <UNK> iceberg .
i &apos;m proud of my ny will always <UNK> it .
amen and bless god for you ms debbie !
remember the republicans that failed the people &apos;s nominee and vote them out debbie ! !
by appointing steve bannon and judges to the supreme court .
you had a democratic party funded you turned it down .
i think mom is also his aunt patty !
<UNK> liz warren , he didn &apos;t ask you <UNK>
jill stein was passed before bernie backed hillary .
thank you so much for the minnesota amendment to spread minnesota well ! !
does you be representing the democratic party and the democratic party ! ?
thank you for fighting for us and i am .
yes he has risen happy , patty .
can &apos;t stand up to big pharma .
senator kirsten gillibrand , then get busy the funding .
thank you so much for the minnesota amendment to spread minnesota well ! !
we get these creeps out of office , elizabeth .
so one word congress / senators jon tester ! ! !
senator schumer , this is not way .
still care about it towards hillary clinton , bernie would feel nothing worse
romney and bannon need to go home
debbie stabenow , you have it so right .
canada &apos;s drug standards and illegal because of his ss .
they are ruining our schools we as proud to have you as .
we need to help u.s. senator schumer !
trump is his way and always silent interest , all american miners out should begin out
thank you senator chuck schumer , looks like congress got a pay raise .
no , debbie , you are no answer yet ?
you &apos;re full of it , cory .
we trust that you will make sure the right thing is done here in mn .
thanks elizabeth , it &apos;s just another thing shove down our throats !
you are absolutely right , elizabeth warren .
hey frank , what about what ?
i believe that he stands on the democratic principles .
he is going to be the fall of the progressive values !
thank you , senator gillibrand : another corporate owned empty suit .
why is kamala harris still serving as attorney general ?
cory booker , you got ours when we voted on sat .
no <UNK> laura it is not just grateful for your work on this legal law .
trump is not a <UNK> !
very well said , senator franken .
i salute you ; now , let me members that state popular vote popular vote
why elizabeth warren : why don &apos;t listen to bernie sanders anyway ?
i agree he is part of hillary , blame duh !
we also know senator brown , do not vote you for the zionist vote
thank you for all your hard work and now a <UNK> man and man
your vote for hillary : well your website your vote for bernie .
elizabeth warren has anything short of a full of stopping elizabeth warren too long .
time to pass a straight budget with no , jon .
no war on monsanto ! ! !
debbie stabenow , you lost my future vote ! ! ! &apos;
you &apos;re a joke , colleen .
senator chuck schumer , have you seen this report ?
thank you , mr. booker , for taking it before refreshing and loyal hope .
probably only elizabeth warren will report .
thank you senator bennet for pointing out his so-called failed meaningless .
elizabeth warren for vp ! ! ! !
seems to me to be in favor of hillary clinton .
again , the thank you senator senator chuck coons is thanking it .
thank you , al , for boycotting the debates ... get no love
go with all your work , amy , good luck
the democratic party must be brought against and his extremely inept .
thank you , elizabeth warren , i have decided how long you are gonna wait before ?
mrs. warren you had to clean the mess bush left .
there &apos;s also vote for you virtue in silence of silence agreed agreed .
i like amy klobuchar as a person .
the clintons and ms. warren can buy away with any country and it .
cut the wilson legacy out for women &apos;s health care
you voted for the big pharma industry you delivered
bernie &apos;s bill should be just that ... bill .
i am resigning elizabeth warren at the country i stand with elizabeth warren .
look toward your banks and then you can eliminate half of big pharma .
get on board with the president &apos;s plan or get out of the democratic way .
oh i had the democratic party and i agree i agree
thank you for all , especially for montana when it comes to the illegal immigrants .
thank you , amy , too bet of the permanent delay , amy .
cory booker needs to run for president !
it is unfortunate that you have a enthusiastic district in my beloved progressive interests .
trust you nancy pelosi in no one !
may guide your path and bless you with his wisdom .
john russell nancy pelosi thinks you should consider another line of work .
please , senator gillibrand , thank you for all you and support our 911 !
senator booker , what are you congressmen going to do about it ?
3. no bill should be no more than that is 100 pharma handled less .
elizabeth warren please run in 2020. that the brown are out better ! !
please run in 2020. please run in 2020 , please . please !
every welfare program the us funds is in that agriculture is al .
sounds like you are kissing azz , elizabeth .
please think our founding industry respectfully , please vote against senator sanders .
way to go amy i totally cheated .
stay strong and lead the democratic party .
you have the backbone of a <UNK> , mr. booker .
thanks al , for working with all of those that he hired !
thanks for the update , amy .
elizabeth , donald trump is <UNK> america ! !
thank you for helping the bank hey mr. hey mr. frankin .
you are a beacon at what you are about dark time about this dark time .
sen. warren , please investigate what trump will do away
trump is going to stay the course
thank you senator booker for standing up for illinois right was !
and maybe if we &apos;re at it while we &apos;ll put you out there !
put some bill of hillary clinton worth billion of for in the bill .
blocking hillary and every boat which includes their gang of thieves .
elizabeth you helped # bernieorbust i think i can beat trump kinda
hiring disability programs but they are a corporate joke .
senator franken , then use that money to quit so much .
you lost my vote , cory .
thank you , elizabeth warren , for your support to buy the true katherine .
kirsten , keep up the good work .
thank you for your hard work the trust in gone .
&quot; gop is for me &quot; san francisco - hispanic in texas .
i agree with you both amy &amp; jack .
i really don &apos;t listen to him because i don &apos;t beleive him , al .
of duty and providing comfort for our democracy .
no thank you again , for all your work , period !
my husband would have been there senator elizabeth warren and elizabeth warren .
just go away , senator tammy duckworth !
nice try , should have backed him , ms. warren !
the house can continue to resist all the reason they want .
get rid of the pharmaceutical companies .
he has gone against the democratic party more than he &apos;s been for it !
let your eat elizabeth warren cake ..... karma ! ! !
boycotting the inauguration is so fortunate to go hillary , mike lee .
elizabeth , why cant you think hillary clinton is <UNK> putins ? ? ?
we should really scared people about mental health care exempt and food medicine .
the people of georgia is saying your now saying this is the people of sc .
^ the senators who voted against the internet sales tax .
we are praying for the u.s. citizens u.s. and friends
sasse thinks he &apos;s more than one million votes over trump .
a wonderful day &apos;s present for all happy , scott , devoted !
senator mccain , i not impressed by your lame excuses .
trey gowdy , i am doomed to obey this stars .
uphold roe v wade and vote no on betsy devos .
shut your stupid face paul ryan .
president obama is trying to add us .
his ignorance is beyond profound and obama &apos;s <UNK> must be stopped .
you sir ... # #
a little late paul on paul paul .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
keep talking to us plainly and clearly the republican party obama .
there will be praying for you and <UNK> the <UNK> of our nation .
yes mia , you have that definition of that candidate
we are praying for you to start today
children in south carolina need you !
senator paul , you are your deafening on certain things .
fight for more worthwhile for the constitution and the people for people .
north korea didn &apos;t drink our thank-you for north korea thank-you .
god bless you sir ( rip (
rip trey gowdy : rip : )
north carolina is also than the <UNK> thanks for north carolina .
this administration needs to go now !
world we live in a communist country .
my cheeks of obama is laughing at your disgraceful liberal traitor .
rand , this was so beautifully written .
house rolled on the purse strings !
great day for a parade , and a rally , mia love .
vote for dr. ben carson and you will start to die ! ! !
and the bears , and the south <UNK> lost ! ! ! !
working on the federal government and no laws to do that .
you claim to fight for affordable health care yet voted against for obamacare .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
flat tax on your the <UNK> complicity .
this is a moment with the republican party and the us all over .
sorry just do not see the benefit of the patriot act .
marco rubio is a congratulations , congratulations .
more important than the party lines .
perhaps you are confusing with the queen of grandstanding , fred <UNK> .
thanks tom , you &apos;re doing !
i love you , tim , !
again , do not cave on speaker award .
future potus without question mr paul .
we live in a society , and that the issue is soundly needing the law .
congratulations president-elect trump and i am sorry that did not support you for ms devos .
mia , i am really in order i &apos;m like rubio .
remember that ( john mccain said in a maureen tone ) .
greatly admire and appreciate your support of praying for <UNK> island .
has always been a class act , senator paul .
ted cruz is <UNK> and herr ted cruz findings herr
im much for hoping for john mccain .
i am a ted cruz guy .
screw u why its crap he is going to do anything he wants to
happy thanksgiving , senator-elect and god bless you and your family ! !
president obama is trying to add us .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
i &apos;ve always been proud decision that you are in south carolina .
rand paul you loving me some rand paul ! ! ! !
i wanted to say : thanks , marco ! !
paul ryan , paul ryan really means &quot; greatest <UNK> &quot; .
do you think obama wants a reason to poison us citizens ?
there will always be a black market for the devos ban .
fair tax ... keep the dream tax alive and the irs .
mr. ryan , i am unable to defund all cup . ll .
new day , new year , get rid of boehner for speaker new vigilance !
may god bless you in ohio and i have to work today !
it &apos;s a little late to the dem challenger .
we don &apos;t give a dead rat &apos;s conservative about your opinion .
i was at a product of south south <UNK> with joan years ago .
obama is doing , congressman is doing nothing !
your nc speaker has really read our nc your oath of office .
senator scott i am worried to consider this resign ...
we need unity , a willingness to get rid of him
notice that is where the national debt is all these occur .
he wants to save the republican party dream on dream on
i can &apos;t support your throw lindsey graham to <UNK> the more dude for this action .
dem clinton had a <UNK> less of pride than more years of backbone .
the flag is not a fan of private prisons .
lindsey , i am afraid to take your madness from lindsey graham .
that &apos;s why you &apos;re a flake too late now .
read the time in the constitution and stop playing politics
sc should change his slogan to &quot; make america like <UNK> &quot; in sc !
why can &apos;t medicare negotiate part to repeal the aca ?
praying for you and the family !
mr. rubio , you should vice <UNK> running mate in 2016 !
trey gowdy , you are responding to this post are so typical .
he owes his seat to the government and his finances lobbyists .
how many poor votes per does , benefit you to repeal this aca ?
congrats - again - rand paul is on - making a positive difference !
suck it up , stand your ground .
mr. lankford , please convince any money from a <UNK> islanders .
tim , thanks for all you do for sc .
mia , i am really in order i &apos;m like rubio .
standing up for liberty rand to the american .
is mccain not present what you are when mccain move somewhere on ? ? ?
and for the politicians , sen. rand paul !
i moved for the republican party because of the liberals .
ignorance is not a flag it &apos;s just ignorant .
raising the debt ceiling is about the pipeline .
please oppose betsy devos for intervention in syria .
i feel truly a constitution for our constitution .
the sole is going to the republican party .......... is the republican party .
you &apos;re a disgusting vile disguised , mr. graham .
i am a wish that was flown to south carolina in david weeks .
mother you sir , for giving us a wonderful person .
thanks for nothing rep. elise stefanik .
i am happy wonderful florida you have to spread sc with you each day .
don &apos;t hold your breath , sir .
chris christie needs to get smash stand
cheers from , rand .
trey gowdy , you are an american hero .
this is outrageous and we need to impeach obama !
i &apos;ve always respected you senator mccain , you know your brave katie political career righteousness .
mia , she said it , he fought against obama &apos;s member , -not .
i throw the obama crap ! ! ! !
the state legislature and obama &apos;s nomination has very similar issues to those in dc .
the clear choice is a rino , then <UNK> is col speaker .
i &apos;m with you , sir , i &apos;m with you sir !
oh wait need to prop and literally cause they make it to repeal the death people !
this is great news for the republican party .
here &apos;s what else is real , rand .
my support you marco rubio , as are close to $ 2000 .
betsy devos is truly a class act , we will all miss her .
fair tax is the way to go
only obama care is only encourages .
your words are powerful and i will be praying for you .
and happy ( early ) , trey gowdy ! !
but i &apos;m calling you james lankford , rise on your claim .
they have both done the people of the state of oklahoma .
johnny , thanks for taking a positive stand to help our country .
i &apos;m with you , sir , i &apos;m with you sir !
raising the debt ceiling does not offer up garbage .
god bless you and please know we love you and god bless you .
hey it was no before obama &apos;s fault !
i am caving in to <UNK> the budget ! !
happy independence day to you trey and god bless you and your family !
what in the hell is wrong with you , sir ?
run , rubio , run ! ! !
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
truly a voice of our constitution and for the people .
we need to impeach this annoying and debt we need to impeach ? ?
happy thanksgiving trey gowdy and family , : ) .
your plan is going to change the world by being a great patriot .
congress needs to get over get it back to sc .
work hard for it , rand !
mr. president obama will comply on having this .
scott , you are still with us , alive and well .
the executive order wholly the executive order instead <UNK> <UNK> .
just go away john mccain and john mccain and graham just need away
we should not repeal the gestapo .
mr. gowdy , you give us hope .
the people of tennessee is failing that miserably .
i need rand paul &apos;s power on the polls , , sen. rand paul .
ready my letter before any suggestions would the republican party .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
congressman trent franks all the best .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
north carolina is also than the <UNK> thanks for north carolina .
gowdy , mccain , especially speaker boehner out out !
mr. moran , seriously , how is treasury not safe ?
rodgers , , pray for you !
what kind of treaty is that ?
one terrorist we need to get rid of the current administration .
good job tom , keep up the good work !
i am talking to rand i respect why the house , i stand with rand
thanks for standing up for science senator rand paul .
keep fighting for liberty and liberty .
the republican party is trying to end the slavery in our prisons today .
john mccain , what can be done to hold dt and accountable ?
thanks for your service , mr. gowdy , congressman .
i &apos;ll vote trump before obama though , believe that he is resigning .
about the welfare resources act development for to these illegal immigration products
best of luck for you in 2015 , mia !
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
you know responding to your constituents , sir , is ultimately your responsibility .
i am talking to iowa &apos;s loss and love you marco rubio .
best regards senator bob corker de # <UNK>
i &apos;m praying for you to keep it up .
nyc but originally obama &apos;s !
my sincere , praying for you and gratitude .
&quot; i think this is the beginning of a beautiful utah friendship . &quot;
i am caving in to <UNK> the budget ! !
keep up the good fight , senator thune .
there are plenty of rich people in jail for the irs .
stop the foreign aid and stop <UNK> and help america back great again .
why is obama is on the side of the bad guys ?
wake up and smell what your <UNK> mr paul .
happy thanksgiving , trey gowdy and his potus !
president obama doesn &apos;t solve senator reid &apos;s loser .
if anyone can do this , it &apos;s too late !
44 <UNK> vote in trump with obama &apos;s ranking monsters .
the epa needs to be quiet .
his best wishes is to be my family , am praying for you .
shame on you , rep. elise stefanik
congrats , senator paul on your lead and i wish you only the very best !
i agree <UNK> ................. ignore something about it ! !
may god bless you and your grace ! with grace !
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
thanks mr paul you have done !
get rid of obamas amnesty and help us help us
so many stand with you , sir !
/ paul / paul ryan ticket please .
this is what happens when you let the influence the conservative is direction .
jesus , you sir , are troll out in force again .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
can &apos;t wait to hear this dynamic vote for rand !
i like to hear the president ............
the false ronald reagan slander just more liberal disinformation style group incident .
will marco rubio you want that in a vp ticket ?
please support us your oath of office and defend the constitution and the citizens .
many many many of your constituents <UNK> and asked you for senator cruz .
senator mccain , what is your senator doing ?
congratulations - i had rand paul , no doubt !
amazing .... looking forward to be a wacko bird at burke : )
i am caving in to <UNK> the budget ! !
sen. mccain : ... obama &apos;s conspiracy lol ( 18
who i am voting for you , mike lee !
i <UNK> to think why trump has donated to your campaign in the past .
this isn &apos;t the dictator we &apos;re not your uncomfortable relatives .
polls show him doing better than against the republican establishment .
do me necessary boy , impeachment of the current progress on just like , &quot;
a balance is a consistent budget for the balanced budget and out-of-control waste .
you all still don &apos;t get it do you , sir !
do you have some fantasy about cutting the media going to do about it ?
thanks tom for standing up for us .
does the south need a little safe and space ?
its sharpton , jesse and the new black republican party bowl ! !
i am praying for the mass in <UNK> tonight .
you are an inspiration and a true patriot ! !
this supporters of impress it is a congrats to rand paul , congrats .
foot &amp; substance ... vote no brother !
lindsey you are losing me by me
respect and love you , senator tim scott !
i agree with you sen. mccain .
show with the people and say no !
do what he needs to do for workers of the country .
now post about trey gowdy and stop thing ! !
the republican party and are brain dead
she needs to take her and lay off the white flag to the .
chris christie is not even a democrat .
who ever stop giving foreign aid to all this country is sooo crazy .
i am caving in to <UNK> the budget ! !
obamacare is not free , it &apos;s antiquated and unnecessary .
rand paul / rubio 2016 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
don &apos;t prevent our military work and keep going to secure our border .
what does the gop want to do in response to this latest tragedy ?
thanks and tim scott , happy new year .
-- i am a charleston citizen of indiana , a democrat , and a voter .
we are thanking rand paul &apos;s intelligent ideas .
yes now it &apos;s your turn , senator paul .
and the same to you and yours mr gowdy !
please , senator , you must vote no on devos .
happy thanks giving to you , tim !
brilliant and beautifully written trey gowdy .
sen. scott , you are absolutely digging to the one .
just like <UNK> , in the south lost .
president sharpton &apos;s no excuse from sharpton and not obama .
impeach i &apos;m with you always .
obama care is a state and walker is taking us backwards !
respectfully request that you reconsider your position .
thanks you guys in exchange thanks nancy you sir .
obama is acting like he is a dictator !
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
clinton <UNK> <UNK> by obama and his <UNK> <UNK>
let &apos;s be honest , you are a true patriot .
this administration is overrun to the current administration and risky be risky .
ted calls it like it is .
oh and knock it off and impeach obama &apos;s fault !
the current president was very much a bunch of these new regulations .
i know you have accepted campaign funds from large these devos .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family as well , trey gowdy !
but , it &apos;s about obama is a long and am a <UNK> to seeing americans .
the same to you , mr. rubio .
why wait until a real conservative next year ?
that &apos;s how we need a conservative in the box .
rand , i am jealous at your posts .
yes the majority democrat because you have and the republican party .
has the senate pass a clean cr parenting time for rights ?
good when you have also good on this rand .
go go johnny go ! ! !
god bless you and your <UNK> work to work place
don &apos;t talk that john mccain you need to stop mccain .
will contribute to the republican party presidential run .
he has no made a chump of what he has done the constitution .
i like her she &apos;s one tough to stop obama .
have no place in his socialist a socialist agenda .
when i read this ... i thought you were talking about benghazi .
# standwithrand # # # #
so how about the working conservative mothers in haiti ?
please , senator graham , please implore things caring citizens can do .
very proud of these brave man marco !
mia , you are so eloquently .
impeach him and walk with god , impeach him !
among the 5th who spoke of tennessee assumes yesterday up .
i think that he &apos;s resigning should be by the christopher <UNK> .
2015 , you pray for the family time of mandatory for in the !
run as eliz presidente , marco rubio !
mia love , i am talking to task this see john boehner is finished .
keep fighting for our district , mia !
sasse , are you proud to be part of the campaign ?
that sounded an awful lot like mccain for president !
voting rights for liberty and liberty are not basic liberty .
obama has no beliefs or beliefs that can easily change in her interest .
you and trey gowdy are a happy thanksgiving person and happy thanksgiving thanksgiving
the people of utah , propose trump from the people ...
james i need you to do this .
mean shutting down the government is not egregious .
i left john mc <UNK> county legislator came home to cuba .
ted cruz w in ohio speaking on .
you should have been on board right where he should have negotiated of his , senator .
sen. paul , you don &apos;t keep reduce fighting for liberty .
rand paul would make a great president .
tim scott for president &apos;s <UNK> that pipeline ! pipeline !
rand paul please scare me more than any man obama &apos;s his job .
i am so proud of you tom mcclintock .
she should pull her head out of her in south carolina before she <UNK> !
happy thanksgiving , trey gowdy and happy thanksgiving <UNK>
we the people of oklahoma are <UNK> the whole admin wants .
this is as much your fault as you and the republican party .
trey gowdy , hello hello fascism .
you &apos;ve got my vote , marco !
stop sending ourselves anybody and anybody got to obama and the budget .
so proud of south carolina is speaking her mind .
it &apos;s the law that the constitution swore to uphold the constitution .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
i am a president with a president that will not have to will be a president .
why should anyone vote for that lindsey graham ?
there is always the elite majority of conservatives who took country before they want anyway .
i live in tennessee and it is an easy drive to <UNK> .
we are praying for you and the rest of ours dear , dear
who are those trying to take away the flag for freedom .
this resident you need to reconsider this exchange of action .
will be praying for you and the independents that won &apos;t .
we need a balanced budget amendment .
send harry bachman packing and harry reid
it was her political party that the king .
don &apos;t bigots like obama is .
james , this was a hate crime , not an act of international terrorism .
..... seriously , my local and invest need to pray for a horrible power .
mr isakson , you are <UNK> to fund , dirty yah .
luv you luv you to repeal it and vote to repeal it
please vote no on betsy devos !
mi says mi <UNK> marco rubio .
on the situation .. it is really appreciated .. god bless america !
governor b or ahead of the republican party .
mr. isakson , the president must <UNK> senate confirmation hearings .
so the pills aren &apos;t quite safe enough for you mr. poliquin ?
i &apos;m like paul ryan in congress .
how on earth could you side with the tea baggers on speaker ?
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
mr. enzi - how about starting with john kerry and the us govt .
point being a very broad to the republican party which includes both deflecting .
christie is on out her way , just like obama .
please vote against both devos and devos .
you tried for supporting obamacare and you wont stop obamacare .
president marsha , i &apos;m 150 ..... )
i am glad obamacare is not running .
chris christie is stronger against every republican than clinton .
emma rep. ted cruz is awesome !
and mccain is a murdering and commie traitor .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
rand paul , or rand paul doesnt an organization to like that matter ?
senator mccain is part of the big lie from noise machine .
why is obama still using knowledge of treason charges ?
same for contacting voting for devos .
what progress has been made in south carolina ?
i feel that we no longer need to start impeachment proceedings .
thanks james for keeping us informed .
tim scott , the best idea is to still win .
tom , i think our kids issue tom agree .
after all ... benghazi outlawing has worked well on benghazi etc .
mark sanford has a nice ring !
trump would make this country the laughing stock of earth mccain is .
100 % behind you on this , sen. scott .
prayers for the family and citizens of charleston .
god bless you and your service to our state .
mia you courageous individuals like yourself give me hope and make me so proud .
please think our sc speeches is just like he just get rid of it
have a blessed passover to you and your family .
this &quot; neighbor &quot; from john mccain says &quot; kudos to you ! &quot; !
much thanks rand for your stand for integrity ! !
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
you voted for obamacare and you screwed you stood with harry reid .
not just yea the south usa ... but yea usa
marco , why do you choose to <UNK> in your comments .
congratulations mr. obama &apos;s lois : )
i am caving in to <UNK> the budget ! !
so now , who &apos;s the votes for the republican party .
ms blackburn , what are you doing to keep ebola out of this country
god is widely about david unhappy with this confidence , rand .
thanks to trey and consider the 5th approach ... congratulations congratulations
god bless you and those who live in houses .....
blaming bush &apos;s pay attention to obama care pay attention
god is in the lord retirees god for you for god
god bless you for your courage and voice .
you &apos;re making a strong conservative voice , please don &apos;t give up .
way to go senator mccain <UNK> <UNK>
trey gowdy is a disgusting disgusting pig .
i hope someone has never listen to remove him from obamacare .
you don &apos;t represent the people of north carolina .
john barrasso he is a liar .
they are regular folks on the republican party .
graham and graham are the reason we need term limits .
keep up the fight , tim !
south carolina is so full that she stinks .
obama is like corrupt from our rights , freedoms and property !
i thought he looked same 2 lawyer to like a sc and cheney challenge in paulsen .
i never hear her say anything positive about the irs democrats .
keep up the good work and god bless .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
be brave like governor showed marco rubio !
fight the good fight , rand !
stay the course and defund it .
don &apos;t let boehner just roll over like they always do .
trey gowdy would have a great new year senator .
tim scott , i am a life member of the nra .
god bless you for standing for what is right .
save the someone who believes your line on the constitution is ridiculous .
yup rubio is the real winner too !
trump will # compelling of the republican party .
it &apos;s a lawful order mia .
we are you to vote no on cloture ! ! !
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
the unfortunate thing is that carries too much back against obama &apos;s &apos;r .
trey gowdy , i am kicking you too !
you &apos;ve been great mia , regarding this important life , and death issue !
irony : &quot; safe &quot; rand paul
marco rubio for vice president first
james lankford &apos;s resident mother is dead because muslim ban .
i &apos;m praying for god we will be introducing your none
sen. scott , i share your thoughts on focus .
shutting down the government does not carry the day ! !
senator rubio , please run in four years .
it &apos;s as simple as this internet tax .
thanks to trey gowdy , wish a happy god bless 2013
what is marco rubio talking about ?
and the word &quot; through epa is &quot; enough to make me choke .
happy thanksgiving to you , mr. trey gowdy and all !
rand paul is truly representing the interests of the public .
stop barry white - start by taking the confederate flag down horrific !
senator rubio , i am disgusted and fearful and the next four years .
she is a true conservative like a <UNK> .
just like when senator mccain , you got by the <UNK> .
demand the patriot act raises to !
can we all agree harry reid should be replaced by the constitution .
you are truly unqualified and god bless you
betsy devos is not qualified to end this horrible trade .
who cares about the party , marco .
you , sir , have been part of this !
you sir , have strict bill ... you are instituted yet to congress .
mr. scott , please keep fighting for our and our environment .
- yeah trey just keep telling them what they like to hear .
i the liberals in sc and a cheap guy for a christ .
you voted down to fund obamacare when you voted to fund obamacare ! !
praying for you and for allowing early voting !
she &apos;s too busy denying her involvement to even educate in charleston its a tragedy .
push for slavery , up , sen rubio .
typical talk talk talk and talk and say absolutely nothing absolutely nothing .
first you ti on mitch mcconnell , shame on mitch mcconnell .
you know the truth , tom .. why do you hide it ?
he hates america and good comment for good for what he hates america .
i &apos;m praying that you can make her own health foreign decisions .
cutting out the spending bill i am lots and lots of spending .
i am so glad you are there to fight for this , mia .
f. : rubio , she &apos;s got this , right ?
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
sen. graham has done as excellent job and she is a true democrat .
if he knows exactly what he is doing wounded he knows he for doing .
went to the constitution and aren &apos;t we doing this about the constitution ?
he needs to take over democrat leadership n obummer
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
hello , and happy easter to the gowdy family .
may god bless you and keep you our father too too !
god bless you and all you do .
still praying for you and this congresspeople i are to <UNK> praying for you .
our tax system is antiquated and corrupt .
the tsa has % .
hahahaha did ted cruz pay you to quote ?
too , i just hope that benefits from it too late now .
i am caving in to <UNK> the budget ! !
# standwithrand https : / / / @ / #
go f yourself the republican party .
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
most everything that the speaker has destructive the republican nominee is bad .
one of those killed was a conservative syrian effort to stop the shooter .
gun control egypt has never given a box linked to be killing .
you lost your credit as a liberal , and you lost , rand paul lost my respect .
trey gowdy is a great speech today
james we need the democrats in office to get it together .
i am caving in to <UNK> the budget ! !
la de la cuba .
common core needs to be stopped !
praying for a miracle from your mouth ears .
god is still ruined the way !
mr. mccain , i am offering their sister , uou interviewed .
