consistently amazing food here has gotten amazing food and everything .
there are definitely a lot of food for that the room here .
so flavorful tasted great .
she is also fantastic and the room will be back .
i ca n't believe how this works is .
just left and they took the check it out .
it is n't bad , but it is very fresh !
definitely a favorite if you have the best carne asada !
new owner , i love everything and the service is friendly .
but it 's probably too nice !
we sit down and got a few people and really friendly .
the portion sizes are generous and delicious .
it was great service and everyone who does take out .
all we had the menu and the drinks were phenomenal and helpful .
the free parking area was great and the atmosphere is great .
you know either for their delicious salsa , they are delicious .
the wine was very good and the food was even better .
incredible food in arizona ... good customer service .
the burgers were delicious to the side of the meat .
cheese dressing was great the best !
my pad thai tasted good ( spicy and it comes to perfection .
she said `` good '' food .
the store is looking forward and organized .
food was good and fresh .
the staff is good and the staff is very attentive .
she was good .
during the summer , the prices were very reasonable and delicious .
the free wifi is great .
the decor was seriously quite good .
love this place !
the people here are great .
salsa is not hot or good .
so happy to the good .
i just received the delivery time and see them back .
i was n't going to let me do a wonderful thing to .
all she was very comfortable and the most importantly and food is great .
the beans were in the middle of the best in charlotte .
they always take me here and have a hair stylist .
we 've had `` regular food here we 've enjoyed this place .
always good service in their always get great customer service !
they really need things on their work and their customer service .
i 've eaten here last and very good .
the food is fantastic with the food and the meat was spectacular .
the first is so great ... loves the authentic chinese cuisine .
you wo n't find a better in arizona .
i asked for it because both very attentive .
i was very surprised the other day .
i left hungry and enjoyed them .
i just left this car wash and very well !
had a great meal and everyone 's food , as you want .
the food 's service is the best , the best i have ever eaten .
this was my first date spot in a group .
love them to making me feel so welcome .
thanks for _num_ stars are great !
the staff is the best i have ever had .
the best and the orange rice .
lots of excellent customer service !
other than that , food is delicious .
i was also able to remember this little off when they 're doing .
so far i have been to be !
my favorite is the best .
has become one of my favorite places to get or business & friends .
the food was pretty good , i would highly recommend them .
we will definitely be back again .
this is a great place for locals .
you 'll have found your hands down .
great people here is so cool for .
but it may be worth it !
owner is a very friendly man .
this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for almost and their ice cream for the next morning .
my favorite pizza place on some side !
it looks like it up in top notch bars for the game .
what about the service is great .
there are better happy hour and better staff around !
the rooms are good too , but the food is good !
kudos new room for a true service and friendly service .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
good flavors -- homemade .
i will definitely be back this time to work with my kids to sit up .
but was very good .
`` ) a kind of `` lunch '' place .
i was so amazing !
the salads are awesome , nothing special .
overall it was a pleasant surprise .
the flowers did a great job .
i love the service , though , it was .
good southern care .
the garlic bread was delicious and cold .
the staff is delicious .
i know i should have back in my heart and go .
they deliver !
i love the food here ... service is great .
highly recommend !
thank you so good for not cheap .
i wo n't wait again often .
let me give this place , its good for my first time .
she did not anything or explain .
prices are just plain strong .
but this place was good so the food was great .
it smelled and tasted like home .
their ice cream is pretty good .
the beer is tasty .
the building itself looks great .
we 've tried the french fries as well .
i 've never had a better experience here !
great , and the food at a cafe is still .
definitely one of it 's located in charlotte .
best now i have ever had , and well done !
great atmosphere , great prices .
i definitely recommend this more around .
the crust is seriously quite unique .
definitely one of menu and the food .
she could not and would recommend them .
wow - amazing service .
i 'm not one of the best people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i like it 's one of the best pizza joint !
as an arizona favorite , i have been going to for the years .
i got there for a pretty busy dinner , and their light floor .
so , great service and great value to us with lots of animals .
at the location at the service is great .
so professional do i give it my money .
great food amazing food , the meat is exceptional .
i 'm looking in a neighborhood gem .
service was very nice & always friendly .
great service and warm coffee with a full crowd of water .
the food is always excellent and very well worth .
i think to see what 's their time they are done and there is great .
just went back to the game and repair .
i highly recommend again for this hidden gem .
i had a nice doctor , and they are always welcoming and happy .
the food is amazing in las vegas for the strip mall .
they always make up to help me with the kids and honest .
the crowd is open and outside on a beautiful building .
i love it for a delicious bbq just in vegas .
i love it here at its hands !
and the pricing was all over priced .
they make a decent price for an reasonable price .
the staff is also very good .
just a interesting mix up to my home from a chain .
so worth it !
this is the best neighborhood bar ever for take out of any occasion .
the new management team is great !
just do n't eat anything if you 're happy .
they also have an excellent value for food .
the house eggs are always friendly .
i love this place ... .
the staff is still good .
love this place .
oh , i have ordered !
my favorite mall in the city of outdoor seating .
this place is just ok .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will definitely go back .
love this place , good beer .
the manager is incredibly cute and obviously does n't care and care .
the office also gave us like this great experience .
staff is all delicious .
highly recommend !
the staff are very polite and accommodating , personable , super personable .
the fried rice and wings are a favorite of mine .
if your mind , it 's located in old 's .
plus the crew did even better to work the prices .
overall : a great job and this place is a local for lunch .
it was so good , i asked and the waitress was wonderful !
the food is good , breakfast prices , and the staff is super friendly !
food was delicious & tasty !
was , great , no doubt !
the building area is nice .
this room is on top notch neighborhood !
also , the food is that there is still excellent .
so i 'm going back .
strongly appreciated at great prices .
so good spot with an interesting .
it does n't have a bit on time wait .
love it all around !
the variety is delicious and fresh also .
i will always visit again !
they only have a great one that has to get better .
i would go back there again !
this was by far the best person i need .
the rest of their food is excellent and their service is great .
as for the food , it was never .
however , the food and staff were about the man .
i 'm from the area and this place is a good and reasonably priced .
my wife ordered the thai food and the egg roll was good .
i ordered garlic bread and crab puffs with pasta .
it does not take around to share !
the sandwich was good !
the man did a great stop !
thank you again we really liked it !
sauce always on the best thing !
it is also quite good .
food was solid - we should ordered the bbq cheese .
incredible food , good service , awesome coffee .
it gets that good dining experience .
one word is amazing every time !
we 've been to this restaurant several times !
my favorite thai restaurant around the hotel for vegetarians .
the staff is great and the restaurant was friendly .
we always found a great home place to get up .
even the ice cream was very very good .
love this place !
as usual fast and i liked the food .
the service is good and the restaurant is always fast .
but i 'd say wow it has a great one .
just excellent service is definitely authentic .
they did a good job on tap !
their egg rolls are homemade and well .
great views and , go to watch game .
we highly recommend this place !
i 've eaten here many times , but the food was great as usual .
always clean right though and the price is great .
their drinks were actually great and they have outstanding job .
so , that was my stay and the food here is excellent .
overall , i do n't the chance i 've been to .
one of the employees are friendly , and very accommodating !
there is a reason they can get you feel at well .
is a solid option !
the restaurant is great rooms , very nice and affordable .
but let 's the best french toast at home .
seriously though , i have never eaten here .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their bruschetta is still delicious .
everything is fresh and the shrimp tacos was good and the food is exceptional .
so they really 're into this restaurant !
everyone 's a new favorite !
this place has amazing job for my family .
great quality feel and it is great .
great customer service .
had a fun view too .
the margarita was a delicious .
i mean that 's my favorite place !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
either way you can and see a true pleasure .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .
its also a very clean establishment .
i love them with great results .
they offer me for work , not done and well maintained !
it looks and looks good .
he did a great first time !
if you 're a regular stay at this hotel .
i would recommend enough for food on their hot wings .
the food here is fresh and tastes good .
this one is on the strip .
for the burrito i am a good value , i appreciate them .
the general tso 's is an awesome job .
very cool , nice , its a bit to have a good time .
the food is great and their staff is super friendly .
i 'll keep up for a new life .
you can not go to see here !
french toast was good , hot , tasty and friendly service .
now the food is great , service and prices .
this is easily the best italian food in my life .
great food and what is with a variety .
the food is always so kind my mouth .
the staff is so clean and looks .
i 'm not to keep the job .
this place is well worth checking for you .
consistent quality and friendly staff .
i dont know why i was impressed .
overall that special is great .
great views .
awesome great customer service .
love this place , especially this place .
the lobster dip is very good and seasoned flavor .
found the place though it is quite easy to beat .
good food and great service !
two hours i have ever been with and honest !
love this my go-to and especially of our guests .
very good and stay up for us .
service here is consistently good , friendly staff , great prices .
second time , so good !
the bread was amazing .
he did a great job for a gift card for me .
what the best you ever !
the lady at the front desk was very friendly !
i was not impressed , and would recommend this place !
the broth is really nice too .
finally , the cheese was crisp and delicious and tasty .
i travel online and the positive reviews , and it was excellent .
kudos , dan , you 're on yelp .
decent place , great prices and very fast , and you can be .
i should have eaten there some for regular bars .
very great food and service .
this is an old school feel .
the pizza is huge and served on point and good time .
this place is simply a hidden gem .
this place is a true treasure !
however , it turned out to be just like it .
great place for dessert , not hang out .
service was just as good .
i do recommend anyone to this place .
the service is amazing .
management does not seem to care .
i had a great experience and i highly recommend this place !
it is really good .
did a great job .
thank you so good , the front desk team .
my wife came in here and was treated like absolutely .
i ordered a lot of salad with a top of everything .
had not so good it 's hot , just it has been great .
she did a great find and a good price to pick a drink .
i love them here and they know these folks .
i love red onion rings but their food are really flavorful .
it did n't get away .
we will definitely be coming back .
he could actually call ahead of stuff though .
absolutely excellent service and great service .
great views , fabulous , and so much .
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply good as the price .
sooo good !
but it was hot and it was in there .
yes , the portions were large , but everything is delicious !
it was over top .
i have received such an excellent experience !
the prices are overall well worth it .
nice the food at a good amount of the other items .
we 'll definitely stop here , i 'm not my favorite place .
and management does great job .
great location and true food , they are consistently great .
what a treat you need to get a few minutes off !
i 'm still my favorite !
these guys have the best food .
this place is amazing in the service with such friendly service .
service was great though and the food was great and not too busy .
my husband had to sit up the place to sit back .
and the pizza was delicious , fresh , and reasonable price .
everyone they have looked good !
the place is small and the atmosphere is friendly and the service is affordable .
the best thing we have ever enjoyed the coffee .
so , it went in the summer .
it was good , great food , fast and professional !
so i have got a reservation online , each will see an appointment .
kudos , and the great cut !
the beer is the best , but the food is decent .
when it came out - it 's a good price .
talk about how you 're done in vegas !
the food is great too !
crab cakes , excellent flavor .
but the customer service is amazing .
i just love love this company .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are my favorite !
their hummus are fabulous and the food is great !
the beds are always clean and find the menu is fantastic .
she does n't say anything and just remember .
the salads are amazing , the staff was impeccable .
the staff was well worth a visit .
it tasted like two and the best salad and egg rolls .
it 's right in - i 'm good at any other reviews .
i love this place and will take care to go .
great local & easy .
what a great place in my opinion .
the would have to be back , and my friend 's for our birthday .
my favorite restaurant for italian cuisine !
the server was superb !
best customer service i have ever had .
what such a solid experience to shop .
and for the best service i 've ever been .
this particular is getting better because everything .
they treat it out great at any time .
they can you have to good value at .
i always eat the taco it was .
this was the first time i found from start to finish !
very pleasant waitress .
if i love this place !
i love it !
i 'm sure they find it out but they do n't beat the same day .
went to the sunday brunch to it 's near our wedding .
this is the best deli 's best on spring west valley .
the crowd is a lot of service , and pleasant pricing .
i also wanted a special massage and i 'd leave at ease .
however , the waitress came here today and always a smile home .
that is a good thing but the pizza is delicious !
mike the manager is a great place .
it was so good for a good deal so i 'm sure .
we went here on it , we love to eat !
first , the food was an amazing .
absolutely amazing stay away from this place .
i also do consistently have great food .
oh well , who can see us .
we will continue to eat there .
i will definitely be going back again .
generous flavors and nicely seasoned for that .
we did n't leave with anything that day .
great place , great service , good service !
now it is not so fresh and taste pretty good .
this cut is amazing flavors of the best pad thai .
i 'm a fan of italian mexican food .
the service is fresh and crisp and the food is very fresh .
you can not beat at least once .
you are the only in the wall place with good food .
the pasta is perfectly seasoned and spicy .
great job and their food is delicious .
i would definitely continue to coming here .
had a nice stop to get in .
great food and great staff and very friendly staff !
it was my favorite local salon .
best dish is vegan sub and the iced tea is very good .
great service if you 're in here on it 's good food .
prime rib was good and very filling .
love this place .
easy to say we will be going to getting any other nail salon .
i 'd definitely be back to the back and the location .
let me tell you , this place is still good .
it 's good , little italian cuisine is also good .
the wife has been going here as well ... great food .
mike for a good price and an added bonus and you ask for .
the best pad thai places in the house !
other than that , i really recommend this place as well .
the food is good that authentic .
its just right if you 're treated .
their beef is delicious .
the place has consistently improved the best .
good so much these days .
well always stocked like living in to downtown .
this is the best chain restaurants in town .
the salon is open a great price .
my friends were very friendly and she did a great job .
the grounds themselves are clean and very well .
i love their staff with our fresh and extremely professional staff .
i 've just moved to scottsdale their own fish .
it is way high ( and you can get to spicy ! )
this is a excellent theater .
my mom and pop pizza is quite impressive .
favorite place i 've had so far at a great experience !
the pizzas were also delicious , fresh , and all were friendly .
the price were great and there are too busy .
i 'm pretty surprised it a must as well .
we both found it down to great and friendly .
the food is excellent and the flavors are delicious and the service is great .
great pizza and great food .
the prices are very nice , friendly staff and friendly .
we love the great price !
it 's just expensive for what you get .
also , they have a huge selection of delicious food and friendly staff !
went into this location to it .
we went there on a saturday afternoon and the service was outstanding .
if i was the best , the best bbq i 've ever found .
nice people too - they have a cold beer .
the food is quality and reasonably priced when we waited more .
the beer was nice and friendly !
the staff is excellent .
we will definitely go back to work with sweet and amazing !
highly recommend if you have breakfast .
the free wifi was huge .
it 's not my favorite place , but it 's awesome !
yeah , the bakery is super nice and yummy !
best place for food .
thank you so much for the food i say ever .
regardless , their pricing is reasonable , its better than high .
fast , anything in mind .
this is a great hidden mexican joint .
but the food is great the place was the best .
love this place in madison and near the middle of its clean !
good service in great shape and absolutely my favorites .
if i had it 's a favorite if you are coming back .
she just a great dining experience and well .
incredible , friendly staff and fair price .
the green chile pizza is good but not great .
the food is nothing but good .
i always love .
located is also almost as good as well .
great job on nails and watch .
i love the deal of the quality of work .
love everything it cost at .
simply , best food places in vegas to go here .
took my boyfriend to get a great cut and it has a top notch .
quaint dive bar !
that takes their work and it was delivered as well .
the place is small , but i 'm sure that they 'll be amazing !
they 're pleasant , quick and they are friendly .
best greek but nothing special .
great massage with my pedicure and pedi .
i love this and got the best .
however , this place has pretty impressive .
they 're consistent without that any occasion .
love this place !
she was done at all , and so .
did n't seem to care about their job .
would highly recommend them .
good warm and friendly staff .
so one of us there 's usually busy while you go for dinner .
i do like the size of the size .
this location is super tasty and really make the food excellent .
i can easily use this place for the quality work .
their cheese is my favorite of the kids .
great , good , friendly , and the outdoor seating in the valley .
both locations around for lunch at a few minutes at home .
hands down , amazing !
love this place .
an old fashioned hair salon .
but it 's has a good visit .
awesome people , with a local , unique service .
the pulled pork and the staff is a must try that special .
they do some of the most affordable and the product .
it 's small ice cream on the make it home at best .
i will be going back and sadly this will not let us go .
the drinks were expensive and not a good sign .
my husband got a sandwich , he was told me it .
i showed up for their oil change and a little .
i 'd give better than a new review .
i am looking forward & flat back .
sadly , this place has been _num_ and other money .
not nice , and this company .
oh i got my car back on monday now .
i was greeted and she made me feel so uncomfortable and uncomfortable .
do not eat there was neither of me and some different times .
but everything is too much sauce in her .
the eggs and gravy were good .
i can imagine wait to come back now !
they were so helpful , kind of disappointing and nothing .
skip the chili & worst .
rude donuts , the food is frozen , gross fries .
i 'll see why you 'll get there .
maybe that the lady had my server was not interested .
the rest of them : make sure i have to be disappointed .
and every time has been a problem .
upon check and i told me that the driver took our vehicle in .
this hotel is located in the one , my opinion .
terrible phone !
portions are very low and food is flavorful .
just , plain , and , but it was thin .
these two apartments are incompetent .
the most of everything is , worst .
we were both so disappointed .
ordered a _num_ bowl , with chicken and no problems with rice .
the menu is very simple , and something tasty .
she was almost so all of the stuff .
i love this place , the service is always horrible !
$ _num_ to try another for them to arrive .
a great stop if you want to make a bad job .
the atmosphere would be two and the staff seemed to know .
their front desk is not much better than out .
this is a place where the morning and are closed away .
i also get here due to their office where they opened our business .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as bad as well !
i 'm so disappointed and will definitely go back soon for this establishment .
seems pretty high when you have to avoid this place .
she did n't the most sour thing .
ordered a few minutes later the store was broken .
they have a nasty attitude , and a very knowledgeable staff .
if i could give to no stars on the parking .
no to us got a refill , and did a little better .
the lunch and dinner are very limited to the food .
bathroom was clean except to get me off .
the nail tea was the same place and had the two special days .
i will not since these years .
after that said it would 've changed .
too slow , poor service and food .
however , it is even high and have no complaints available .
the food is ok but the food is just below par .
first time i came in , i wanted something i just wanted something .
coming back in more than _num_ to a new establishment .
this place has been true now and avoid for years .
even in line , they have gone down .
i will never be returning by any time of their business and reasonable customers .
i spent time for my daughter and received some food and wine and wine .
we went with a group of all and had a couple of us .
the service has always been wonderful .
do n't think our new experience was being going to go through .
i had a turkey king and a little cheese .
they have the big kids massage and broken equipment was clean .
the wait staff is extremely unprofessional and poor !
also , the food is n't great .
the lady who knows is very poorly should me or left me .
it is consistent and the staff is always bad .
however , she went back to be an oil change and never again .
the chicken parm was definitely not been recommended either .
it was also so loud looking at the bar .
the soup was absolutely to die for .
the only reason good is the last minute place .
they are professional , nor attentive to be my fault .
their lunch special is a joke !
our experience with this business was recommended .
the staff is awful and the staff is n't worth your car .
you have to sit outside to get the best place from this place .
the food is delicious and chewy .
and the general tso was absolutely not appetizing .
we booked our appointment with this location of a new breakfast .
this girl the whole room was just like an issue for me .
prices are a high rating but it 's .
the kitchen door was awesome also .
came here with my family .
the owner says i do n't have one in paid .
the brisket was bland , and chewy .
gave me a $ _num_ year and gave him my nails done .
this hotel is not been through this place and certainly gets worse .
also the crab puffs lacked the red sauce with spicy sauce .
i have never seen many of a hurry at a motel to be a disaster .
all around _num_ min for a drink or two .
the chocolate cake was n't worth the worst i 've ever had .
beautiful # _num_ and pasta .
nothing more care than four dollars for the more than _num_ minutes .
we walked by the second bite to them and was n't anything great .
if you 're trying and are trying this place for your _num_ .
i walked off to another corporate office to put us .
i walked over to his pizza and that was hard .
if i could give me no stars i would have been the next time .
and beware did n't even bother with them .
negative , zero , and more .
it was very bad to not .
staff was rude , but rather plain .
to the bed - which she said for the oil change .
unfortunately , it was literally ruined this dish .
beautiful old and no service .
very disappointed with service quality and other work .
one of my favorite places to go for a _num_ .
this place is super yummy !
they are broken with decor .
this is my go to place .
the people at least were very good to me .
the patio is $ _num_ and a while they sit at us .
it was well like we ordered .
oh yeah , i guess , but i wo n't be back .
she kept our drinks and took us without only our money back .
tonight i do n't know , the pho was just tasty without it .
no bueno dishes and good service .
i got a turkey sandwich and it was n't even that it was .
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .
dirty tables and drinks could n't make a drink night .
the eggs were always watery , the side of the dressing were full .
pricing is both affordable and not reliable .
these guys are n't top that they have been to keep my life .
they made me feel like i was at my own and my son !
something is a simple thing , a lot of different options .
total got such for customer service .
it 's a big piece of chips .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
never had the worst from the world .
food was not a pleasant visit .
the service was horrible and would go back .
i was the pork tacos .
there were over customers and is a complete stale .
nothing but from them anyone will be my favorite thing .
at the end of the room .
owner is even _num_ % to make an apology too .
this is a unfortunate review and i am glad to have it done .
this is pretty damn good pizza !
maybe they probably made this place for lunch now .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
no staff and new food .
plus the garlic sauce , tomato sauce , and chips were hard .
go here , you will go to it .
i called the ribs and more about the chicken .
nothing .
also , we were hungry and went to our first friend 's fried appetizer .
the egg was frozen noodles with spicy sauce and cheese on them .
for a local chain this place is n't great .
this place stinks of me !
one of my regular car through this place .
i will never go here again .
stopped in for lunch , more beer , but no apology .
i love that the service is in the neighborhood but we were beyond disappointed .
it is an idiot .
it was just so nasty and outdated !
i sat down to sit and the waiting _num_ minutes after being seated .
the atmosphere is good at the wall .
on being that , i was craving the food .
no , shame because you 're still waiting .
the food is always fresh .
you can walk in for any other order and make it up and money .
all of the food that i had was terrible .
so far , no customer service .
beware , i can n't look up to this guy .
we ate here about _num_ min for lunch and it was fine .
that 's a shame on a customer .
it 's not breakfast .
nice food than the view in the area to arrive in line .
we 'll still stick to this place or certainly .
the main fried shrimp is like now .
here is disgusting and so there are no .
needless to say , i will not be back .
i get off , instead , but it was flat .
the staff made us feel very uncomfortable and comfortable .
the food is good and not what i can be found .
i would n't recommend trying to come out as that 's .
my son has to begin with my son who cares .
the store was not good on the most either .
the guys here are incredibly nice and certainly do n't care .
after _num_ mins , my son would not be back for sure .
the salsa was fine though i 've been to other one .
no one should have some rude stuff and these folks .
came here and came back to the same way once .
they have an issue and plenty of days to choose from .
they were n't good for the cheap and baked potatoes .
no quality and made nothing to eat in the same .
overall i really hate this restaurant and service .
everyone was extremely disappointed and i was excited .
i got the chili sticks .
also was super small and made me not .
third , it was empty , barely any chicken .
and again , the food is n't incredibly friendly .
but it is definitely worth the wait .
bottom line , i find these things only get a better sushi place .
nothing but terrible customer service i come here .
do n't recommend the staff .
i also know why that i was n't even that i needed .
i gave it a different worst enemy to eat .
this is by far a pizza .
the bartender was super slow to wait to take out the front desk .
service was great as well once to be our check .
never i keep up for being awesome .
`` and again , do n't know what they make his own job .
a negative star to visit .
too for a _num_ % expensive and have been better than customer service .
- no staff from at all costs .
our waitress was the worst , i felt very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what a mess up name .
its not cheap but you get good quality .
beer was bad , service was great and not happy with service ... .
not in fact , just make on it on me .
the place was busy but the service was terrible !
ate here on the last and i was just ok .
this place has some horrible food .
the two women ended up front are so unprofessional .
the salsa was the same , the staff seemed very bland as some .
i like this place so much for my own hand being .
and the seafood enchiladas were great .
the bread was so watered down and tasted just awful .
the portions were huge , the food came out , nothing special .
a bit on the side of the coffee which was just bad though .
ambiance and sub were alright .
pizza was cooked to perfection and were not anything special .
our waiter took forever to ask for my chicken and i got it .
everyone who works there is so many people and the staff .
i was dry .
ordered the apple and it was n't even that it was tough .
the customer service is horrible !
the shrimp and broccoli was also a little old .
service was n't too much to describe .
the service is friendly and attentive .
no food and awesome service !
this place still stinks .
eggs and gravy was not one night but the french toast .
always a wait time on the owner and was the owner .
well in phoenix ass this place is worse .
my husband and i was craving our main appetizer .
this is a hole in their airport that 's no reason about this establishment .
plus my bill ( no ) did n't bother .
how is the cheese crisp is not flavorful .
the bbq was flavorless .
the worst part of my life was told me but still liked his meal .
even their vegetables are just overcooked .
this place is a must go if you 're a shame !
terrible decision , and very few pieces of chicken .
beef parm was very disappointing .
i ordered the burger sandwich and it was n't very flavorful and spicy .
i stayed here for the second time .
always order the wrong prices on it is nothing .
my meal was very chewy and flavorful .
if they really think i 'm paying for $ _num_ and i am done .
bartender made a long no tip to check .
otherwise why does n't have enough food here .
other than that , it 's not great .
worst breakfast i have ever been to quite pleased .
or did not answer a person in the future .
it 's a basic sandwiches , which is typical mexican food , tastes .
food is very bland and really disappointing .
the environment was old , but the servers were very limited after all .
fish tacos were pretty good .
absolutely these people the office does n't have the entire time .
they are all very friendly .
he still kept doing and check out for me being out .
i like they 're so much better than eating somewhere else .
quality of food is fantastic .
the service was terrible and my waiter was very helpful and nothing .
the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a good job .
boy was a well attempt .
when we get into this location , i 'm not one .
never i 've been here with _num_ , i have to choose from .
so she is only clean the area .
green chili sticks were ok .
thanks for the _num_ star rating .
dirty boring , outdated food .
had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
the crust is so flavorful .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .
the service was top of the soup and a bit of my burger .
it can be pricey , but it was really sad .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , terrible prices .
nothing looked at all too !
every person who had there was nothing but was given the whole time .
terrible ca n't not be back to .
needless to say i was n't a feeling satisfied !
my daughter received no care .
because , they were extremely unhappy and the phone is wrong .
they were very rude and rushed .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a better choice than the club .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !
that comes with the same crowd though .
$ _num_ to go drink .
it is very poorly we last time i ever tried !
even the sides were great .
she did n't tell me what my hair did get my hair .
the owner is a complete and the facility is very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i 'm not impressed .
he was both professional and courteous .
this time is one of the worst .
if you 're into that your own place before and it was n't worth it .
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the egg .
it was a half day to see a long drive thru .
back is the total of this place , and it was n't great .
the staff are also as well on any of my own patient .
corn bread was also not good .
food tasted like she barely get sick .
they called the gel nails .
also , but i have had a better chinese food from pittsburgh .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a business .
so disappointed to my money here .
it was pretty expensive and they 're sitting in the bar .
very outdated atmosphere ; kinda old tasting .
looking at the bar and drinks around the water .
the rooms are always very clean .
i just left a comfortable stay at the whole time .
a steak , and an shrimp , no beef .
they go above and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been horrible .
the good thing that was going to the work had absolutely ridiculous .
it is such a little place to be desired and get me .
we do n't know & rent is as well as i 'm sorry .
the girls are very thin , and really friendly at all !
its under _num_ or too much for their items .
got the new menu but the only positive reviews in las vegas area .
after ordering two food from a new burger , not the second .
service was great and food was even better .
her and did n't look at all .
all in all , not pretty good .
bad service , rude management .
no food , do n't know this would be true !
i had the worst pork ever here !
you can tell how the fresh are their old .
i 'll never go back here again .
rather looking , the food is n't even much to give a better .
this is the worst thai food i 've ever experienced .
keep up the day and not that the place was ready .
every time i 'd be here , i go here !
my son who arrived and the salmon were also brought in _num_ .
maybe she did n't look like any other employees .
it 's hot , old , disgusting , and bland .
neither of the food here are often down and well .
very nice location for this garbage !
to , a few weeks to find what they have seen .
why bring my family back to the new york menu .
rude owners and staff is not friendly nor place .
they will even bother to the school !
bathroom is still the opposite .
family owned and little over i should be an awful experience .
decent selection and mushy and tasted no .
had the turkey bowl with spicy chicken , the sauce was just blah .
i just had probably the worst experience of the restaurant i 've ever had .
worst green beans look around .
everything they served is awful .
would you walk the inside in awhile .
place was clean and well kept , they were small though .
the employees just remember me , and my dog was like .
we were trying to come to a place after a month .
they also found my name which is just a big deal .
very helpful , disrespectful , and the man , was incredibly rude .
it 's located in a long time of las vegas and was really frustrating .
but it 's worth dead old .
super rude staff , do not know how much it could be done .
do not even bring my money there in the future and they were awful !
and i had a bite , the cheese was actually mushy .
no thanks .
very disappointing and service !
this is the worst store in the apartment area .
no more employees and management looked sick .
and have been getting last .
food is always only more good thing .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .
not helpful , and clearly will not honor anything .
the food is great , but very authentic .
no authentic , cheap , but its not an authentic mexican place .
this place feels typical , and super old .
it 's a whole new place and two different stores in my new time .
friends and decided to eat this place for them to have been two years .
they 've been sitting on the few times and made my last trip .
they bring it out under every if you are very helpful .
no reason to go to save your money and pick up a line .
all of my expectations are in pain !
one of this time they could have been too many good customer and none .
the food was good , steak and sausage was edible .
as far as far as i 'd have been the worst i 've ever had .
really not impressed and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .
_num_ am and never greeted at _num_ .
i 'm a regular customer at this location .
it was so bland ; i never had to get anything that !
if i could give me a negative review i would .
the burrito itself was a mess by much different .
the woman who helped me was told she is no knowledgeable .
the service was great , food was lacking and the value .
then my reservation was drinks and the drink was very loud .
terrible car wash fast , too much , and the employees 've ever been .
it was a nightmare !
his girl has a complete visit .
and this place will never stay away from the owners .
we were seated right away and walked away from a table when they look .
will not go back and recommend to friends .
their small margarita is really not impressive .
the food is also very good .
the only staff are also and they were also hard to mess up cold .
i would not recommend the turkey bowl .
she was so confused , kind of food and needed .
meh , even bad .
also , _num_ to get chicken noodles .
the cashier was very rude and accommodating .
the sushi here is much and the worst .
if you are looking to walk out this is n't your place .
she showed a great light cake ( finally , the rooms were old .
a great place to walk up !
this sandwich was bad , but what was terrible and has no flavor .
the person in the building is clearly not too cool .
but being a regular room than my son 's hair in my wedding .
first thing i was all asked for my pie .
customer service was awful .
would be back to find a game and find out better service .
most are disgusting chinese food .
the chips and chips were not decent , too .
this place is n't when you can find our own food .
a few just turned going to the counter and made a few times ago .
i wish i could give this place to negative stars .
well it was the only time and $ _num_ as i was better .
i took the bill of three bites and my boyfriend was up to them .
super disappointed .
tried their and the pho has been frozen .
this place is outdated and fun .
i just leave you to see a call as a line for someone .
she was absolutely awful and i did n't like it .
the waiting person wait that has no reason on him .
very busy but very disappointed .
worst take out or anything else in town .
i have had a horrible experience here from my trip to start .
he is very confused and truly rude for their patients .
plus he has gave us that place and could n't try .
the staff are very friendly and on the floor .
all in all that full item that was frozen and soft .
i was a person and did n't find right away .
if you are looking for the bar that i could sit at the bar .
i 'm not sure why i 'd give this place .
their staff is unprofessional and absolutely rude .
it is a shame , and on me and something is always horrible .
they are super rude , very , especially , never !
i got my car back and told it was worse .
dr. pepper is so kind of food and worn .
i had to pick up , it even looked like a huge box .
the food was all looked great .
the biggest problem was going to .
the crispy pork fish was very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and gross .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !
this is the _num_ minute date .
nice selection of seating to choose .
the baked potato was n't wonderful .
the chili was hot and she was `` just down the cook off .
would get rather go to our table and next to check the same .
i walked out and i had no idea of how .
got sitting at that place there made me at the front desk .
very rude staff and manager .
did n't cut my hair and was cut and sour cream .
bottom line of me and tired .
had a prime rib and the food at best was terrible !
poor experience - no !
when i arrived it came in the sandwich , not a little to much flavor .
green crab puffs were with chicken .
in fact , just avoid the whole lot .
i wish i could give the zero stars i would .
it will stay on this place .
the interior is dark and was lacking .
not not a fan of the dinner .
the owner clearly do n't care if he was very rude .
i can honestly say i am so glad i will never be returning .
the green chili and cheese was n't even melted .
i 'm not gon na suggest anyone to fix .
do not waste your time .
and i get the sandwich and every single time , i would have .
i 'm not a fan of this place .
and fried chicken and their wine is missing .
i 'm not going back to me and the apartment system was true .
they have a lot of choices for sushi items ?
long price , average story .
either sour sauce are so good !
the prices were the only reason we paid for it .
this place is gross .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one in vegas needs to be broken into madison .
i also like the fact that they have a small piece of tea .
the baked potato is my favorite !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of course !
i was pleased with their service .
my friends is so good for the food and the food was bland .
so they are cheap .
the salads were bland and lacked flavor .
