i wish i had the best steak i 've had .
there is not a good selection of the food and the service .
she said she would have a good time and i would recommend him .
i ca n't recommend this location to anyone .
it is very good , but it is n't the best i 've ever had .
new location , and the service is always a good thing .
we sit and enjoy the food and the service and the food .
the `` spicy '' is a good one of the best .
there was a lot of fun and i will be back .
said we were told the food was a great time and we were happy .
the person who works the front desk is very nice and helpful .
owner is friendly and the food is always great and the service is great .
the burgers were very good and the food was very good and the service was good .
the selection of the food and the food was very good .
there was no one of the meat .
she was very friendly and helpful .
the ladies here are great !
i was n't able to come with a lot of food .
they tried to take my order and they are a huge fan .
always attentive and always a pleasure to work with .
they really are very friendly and helpful and they have a great selection .
i thought it was a good place to eat .
my sandwich was n't very good with the top of the flavor .
you 'd be a fan of the bar .
i asked for the spicy and she was very good .
i was very impressed with the food .
i just left a very nice one of my experience .
had a good meal , the best meal i have had .
then he did n't have a problem with them .
do n't come here with all you .
i guess they were n't a good person and the food was great .
the only one was the best .
lost a bad experience .
other than that , the food is fantastic .
i was very pleased with the service i received with a lot of service .
the food was good , but i will definitely be back .
you 'll be a regular and the food is good .
do n't go here if you are looking for a great price .
but it 's not the best i 've ever had .
owner and his staff are very professional .
stopped in the bar and the food was a great experience .
it looks like the new york style and the chicken is a good flavor .
this place was my favorite place in town .
but was very impressed with the service and food .
his `` '' is a good one of the best .
i was n't impressed with the food at all of the food .
the salads are pretty good , but nothing special .
the lady who works there was very nice .
zero knowledge and friendly staff .
they wo n't be going back !
i love the food here and the service is fantastic .
is the most disappointing experience .
needless to say i will definitely be coming back for the food .
let me tell you , i 'll be a regular for a good price .
she did not even make it right !
but this one was a good thing on the menu .
it smelled like a side of the meat .
the beer is great and the food is great !
i 've never had a terrible experience here .
no , i will definitely be back for a good experience .
if i could give this place zero stars i would .
most of their food is good , and i love it .
i wish i could give them a zero stars .
if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
she could not even give us the food .
it 's always clean and the service is always very good .
as a result , i have a good experience at this location .
so , i did n't see a lot of them .
so i will be back to see a lot .
side of the side of the dishes were a good size .
service was a little slow and a very good place .
i expected a good experience on the menu .
i had a great time , and i will never come back .
the food is amazing and the service is a little high and the service is amazing .
they tried a good selection of food and a good selection of food .
i wanted to eat here on a saturday night .
when i got my food , i was very pleased .
so so i 'm not sure what i 'm going to eat .
this is the best place to go in the valley .
just do n't go here if you are looking for a great price !
this place is just ok .
i have to say this is the place .
this is a great place to eat .
when i received the service i received the service .
the office is a nice touch and the staff is very nice .
nope , the food was good .
there are many other restaurants and all around the staff .
when she got a side of his order , she was a very nice surprise .
the fried rice was a good thing on the menu .
overall a good place to take a date or a family .
it was a very good , kind of kind of kind of flavor .
was n't great , and it was great .
also , the food is good , and the service is a bit more .
tons of meat and the meat is amazing .
so disappointing and an amazing experience .
it comes with a great selection of wine and a great selection of food .
i will never return to the salon again .
they only have a great selection of food and the staff is very friendly .
this was the most amazing place i have ever been to .
the rest of the food is always good and the service is good .
as for the food , it was a good experience .
i 'm a fan of the food and the service and the food .
my friend ordered the chicken and the spicy tuna roll and the chicken .
i ordered a side of the chicken and it was delicious .
it does n't take a lot of food .
the sandwich was great and the service was great .
the man i did n't really care .
tasted really good , and i 'd recommend them to anyone .
we 've been here a few times and we love this place .
we gave him a few more minutes and we got our food .
even the other dishes were very good , and the service was amazing .
sam 's has a good selection of wine and wine and wine selection .
the service is absolutely the best i 've ever had .
just a great place to stay !
did n't make a good job on the menu .
stay away from a place , and you will be disappointed .
i 've been here several times and i 've been here twice and it was good .
however , i was very pleased with their service .
so , i got the same thing on the menu and the food .
overall , i really enjoy the food and the service .
one of the most places i have had , and they are very friendly .
but this is a great experience at all .
but their meal was good .
chicken was the best i 've had in the valley .
boy we got our order and it was delicious .
this place has a great selection of food and the service is great .
do n't take your own and you are happy .
i mean i am very impressed .
the beef sandwich was pretty good and delicious .
either way i 'd recommend this place to anyone .
i went to the bar and i was very impressed .
he did not even look so nice .
very good , i have a lot of a lot of things .
you can be a good place .
french fries were good , and the chicken was a bit bland .
now , the food is absolutely amazing , and the service is amazing .
this is the best place i have ever been to .
no one is a fan of this place .
when we got it and it was a good experience .
the grounds are very outdated and comfortable .
sam 's is so good and delicious .
management and service is a great experience .
the new yorker was a very good and very flavorful .
found the place to be a good place to eat .
two of my favorite places to eat with a good meal .
very disappointed with this place and i will definitely be back .
what the hell is the service .
the selection of the dishes were good .
finally , the food was good , and the service was very good .
i checked in the day , and i was very impressed with the food .
lucky , i love the new location .
this is an amazing hotel and beautiful location .
this place is a very good place to eat .
went on a friday , and it was a great experience .
the only thing i got was a good meal .
i had a wonderful experience , and i will definitely be back .
it is really good and the food is delicious .
i ordered a side of chicken and a side of chicken .
it had a good flavor , and i liked it on top .
she did n't even offer a good job on a saturday night .
it did n't even make it .
absolutely wonderful service , and i will definitely be back .
ate here , and i love the food .
even the food was amazing .
good , but it 's a great place .
yes , the food is good , and the price is right .
it was very good and the service was good .
i have never had such a great experience with this location .
the overall quality is a good value .
too many other places to sit outside and the food was great .
we 'll definitely be back , and we 'll be back again .
and their food is always a great time and great service .
what a good thing about this place is a lot of food .
these are the best in town !
this is one of the most important places i have ever had .
service was good and the food was n't even better at all .
my husband and i had a great time and i had a great time .
and the food , and the food , the service .
love it and i love the food and the service .
it was a good place to eat and it was n't worth it .
so i went to the bar , and i was a fan of the restaurant .
hopefully , i 'll be back to the next time i 'm in town .
the wine selection is great , and the food is great and the service is great .
i was very impressed with this place .
regardless of my meal i did n't come here with a good meal .
she does n't really care about the food .
it tasted like the best i have had in a very good area .
i worked with a lot of respect and i would recommend them to anyone .
what a great place to get a new car .
one of my favorite places , i have a lot of good food .
my son 's favorite , i love the food and it 's great .
the server was so nice and helpful .
worst customer service i have ever had !
this is the most amazing place to eat .
they can not even deserve the price for the price .
i did n't even eat it .
this was the first time i have had a good experience .
if i could , i would have a one .
i did n't feel like a good experience .
i 'm sure i 'd come back on a regular basis .
came with a friend and i had a good meal .
this is the best place to get some of the best .
the new location is a nice , and a little gem .
i also got a very nice and helpful staff and a great job .
however , the one of the other things were a bit of the place .
is a good place to go and enjoy a quick bite .
we told him , he did n't make a great job .
we will definitely be back again .
i will never come back to this location .
terrible , terrible , terrible service .
this one of my favorite places to eat with the meal .
the rice was very good and the rice was very good .
you can tell you are a great deal .
you are not the best in the area and the food is great .
i would recommend this place to anyone and everyone .
great food and very attentive and attentive service .
next time i got the chicken and the pork and the pork .
tonight i will not be returning .
let me start , and i hate to work .
the meal was a bit disappointing as well .
on the top of a table and the food was a nice touch .
the only thing i got was the food was good .
unfortunately , the food is amazing !
the place has the best service i have ever had .
this is the worst service i have ever experienced .
the ladies at the bar was great and friendly .
my mom and i had a very good time and they were very friendly .
the end of the staff is very nice .
we then received our order and we were very pleased with our meal .
i may have to come back and it 's always good .
it is n't the top of the food .
sadly , i will definitely be back to this location again .
i said i would n't come back on the side .
we both got a very good meal .
we met him , and he did n't care about the food .
it 's a good value for the price .
we came here and we were seated and we were seated right away .
if i could have a good meal , i would recommend the food .
too bad that the service is very good .
will continue to come here on a regular basis .
the owner was very nice and helpful .
needless to say , i will definitely be back to this location .
on the other hand , they are very good .
those are the best , you will be happy .
this is a good spot for a date .
if i could have a good meal i would .
awesome food , great service and the food is great .
the green chili was pretty good and the price was fantastic .
i tried the happy hour .
is it as good as it gets the service ) .
perhaps the best part is the service .
took my order and i had a lot of a lot of them .
mmm , it was pretty good .
no one in my book and i love it .
i called the car and got a great job and the service was amazing .
they 're always a good time and they are very friendly .
since the food was the best i have ever had .
so i did n't have a good meal at a table .
this location is very clean and the staff is friendly and helpful .
i love the food and the service and the food is always great .
no , the food is a great value , and the service is great .
three stars for the food and the service was a great place .
sushi , and the staff are a good thing .
the two of my favorite was the steak .
an old school style and very good .
`` i love that , i love that , and it 's good .
they do n't care about the food and the service is amazing .
it 's a great selection of food and the price is reasonable .
i will continue to come here again .
my husband got a chicken sandwich , it was delicious .
i refused to take a bite and it was a good thing .
oh i got a good meal with my wife .
i was very impressed with a lot of food .
great food and the service was very good .
everything is good and very good .
they were very friendly , and they were very nice .
god i love this place !
everyone i encountered was very friendly and helpful and very helpful .
mike was a very nice person and i did n't care about the food .
this is my favorite restaurant in the valley and the restaurant is amazing .
portions are generous and the food is very good .
always fresh , fresh , and delicious .
we were both very impressed .
very good food , and the service was very good .
the menu is very good , and the service is good .
i hate the food , and the service is great .
their lack of service is top notch .
this is a good location and i have a very good time .
their pizza is good , and the service is very good .
i 'm a fan of this place and i love this place .
its the best place i have ever been to .
she did the best job .
they have a great selection of plants and great service .
the lunch here is very good and the food is good .
i will definitely return .
is the best and the service is always friendly and helpful .
even the food is great , and the service is great .
i bought a good meal and i was very impressed with the food .
we went to the bar and we were a great group of food .
they have a good selection of frames and the food is good .
the wait staff is very attentive and attentive .
the chicken was absolutely fantastic and the service was fantastic .
it is a great place to sit outside and enjoy the food .
the hummus is the best i 've ever had .
the best mexican food in the valley .
the staff is a nice touch at all of the restaurant .
and the food is absolutely amazing .
we moved to a restaurant and we will definitely be back for a while .
this visit was a very nice and the last year .
prices are great for a good price .
the owner is nice .
came here with my family .
gave him a very nice one of my family .
this has a lot of character and a very good selection .
also the chicken was a little spicy and the sauce was good .
i have a lot of a good experience at this location .
the other dishes were the best i have had .
beautiful and beautiful and beautiful .
nice people and the food was great and the food was a little better .
we loved the wine list and we had a good meal .
i love the new york style .
i love their hot dog and their desserts .
definitely a good place to eat at the bar and the food is great .
it was very good .
staff is very nice and helpful .
love the food and the service is great .
very pleased with the service and the food .
one of my favorite places to eat here on a saturday night .
this place is top notch .
the people and the food and the service was very good .
it was good but nothing special .
oh , and the food is always good .
loved the food , and the food was really good and the service was good .
the service was very attentive and the food was excellent .
these guys are great , and they are super friendly !
sometimes it 's a good thing , and i love the food .
one of my favorite places to eat .
i love the green chile !
enjoyed the happy hour and a great price !
this is pretty good .
it is the best thai food in the valley .
love the food , and the chips and salsa .
i loved the shrimp and the shrimp and the shrimp .
also , we had a good meal on the menu .
this place is a good place .
i will definitely come back .
i love the atmosphere and the food and the service is a great place .
it was a good meal .
i love the atmosphere and the staff at the bar .
i love their coffee and coffee .
the staff was friendly and helpful and the food was great .
the best part is the quality of the food .
the guys are very nice and helpful .
came here on a friday night and it was a good meal .
they were all good , and the food was good .
overall really good food and service .
everyone was very friendly and professional .
and again , the food is good .
but it is worth the price .
sam 's is the worst i have ever eaten at the valley .
nothing to be very good at all .
this is my favorite pizza place .
the bartender was friendly and the food was a bit high .
our waitress was nice , and the food was amazing .
while the food is good , they have a good selection .
the place was n't the worst .
the two of them are a lot of them .
the salsa is great , and the food is fresh and the price is reasonable .
i like this place , i love this place and i love this place .
a bit of the best i have had on a good meal .
our waiter was very nice and took our order to our table .
everyone who works here is always friendly and knowledgeable .
i love the food .
the best part of the meal was the steak and the service .
excellent meal , very good service .
beef and broccoli is a must .
i had the chicken sandwich which was a good meal .
my meal was very flavorful and flavorful .
best breakfast i have had in a while .
extremely friendly and helpful staff and great food !
food is very good .
fish tacos were pretty good .
absolutely the worst service i have ever had .
they are very friendly and helpful .
he always takes a smile on his face and did a good job .
i love this place and i love it .
the service was very attentive and the food was very good .
the best in town .
they also have the best bar in town .
the sauce is the best .
they are all very nice and accommodating .
it can be a good place , but it 's worth it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , wonderful staff .
every time we have been to the table and the service was very good .
they were very friendly and helpful .
the wine was great and the service was great !
it is very good and very knowledgeable and very attentive .
the owner is very nice and the staff is very friendly .
totally recommend this place to my friends and family .
this one of the best in the valley .
love the food here .
the staff is super friendly and they are always helpful and helpful .
they loved the food and service .
super good food and a decent portion of the menu .
by far the best experience i have had in a while .
so happy with this place and will be back .
it was good and the food was good and reasonably priced .
the grounds are always clean and well maintained .
a steak , and the steak was very good .
the good thing is the service and the food is a good experience .
the grounds are really nice and the staff is really friendly and helpful .
took the meal on the menu and the food was good .
after the other reviews i have had the food and the service .
service was good and the food was good .
and the staff was very attentive .
all in all pretty good .
you can tell the ingredients are fresh and tasty .
i 'll definitely be coming back here .
who the food is a good , and the service is a great place .
this is the best chinese food in town .
my meal was very good and the service was excellent .
everyone is always friendly and helpful .
very nice place at a very reasonable price .
is the best food .
family owned and operated and the food is a good experience .
had the chicken sandwich with a side of chicken .
i just had the best experience i 've had in a while .
best green chile in town !
fun to sit at the bar .
the employees are always very nice , and i love the food .
we love this place and we will be back !
very friendly staff , great food , and very friendly staff .
it 's a great place to sit at the bar .
super attentive , attentive , and knowledgeable .
great prices and very attentive and attentive staff at all .
and i had a good time on the side .
very good food and service .
this is the best sushi i have ever had .
and i enjoyed my meal here .
food is always good and they are always very good .
they were fast and friendly .
the food is good and the service is great .
on top of a friend and i will continue to come here .
they 've got a good selection of food and the food is very good .
they bring you to the table and they are very friendly .
all of my favorite restaurants in charlotte .
one of the best places i have had in the area .
as far as the food is the best i 've had .
really good food and service .
their fries are really good .
it was n't good , i liked it .
definitely will come back again .
the owner and his staff are very professional and professional .
loved the food and the service was great .
we were very pleased with the service we received at the table .
will definitely come back to this place .
their selection of food is really good .
the food is very good .
she was very patient , and kind .
perfectly cooked and the meat was delicious .
the waitstaff was very friendly and attentive .
the sushi is a good thing to be .
best chicken i 've had in arizona .
most authentic chinese food .
the chips and salsa were excellent .
well the food was good and the food was n't good at all .
i took the order of the meal and they were very good .
super friendly and very helpful .
tried the food and the service was very good .
she was a good experience at all .
very friendly and fast service and food .
best sushi i have found in phoenix .
he is very thorough and is very thorough and thorough .
the staff is very friendly and the food is always fresh .
if you are in the area and the staff is the best .
they are very knowledgeable , knowledgeable , and knowledgeable .
dr. lee is a very nice and professional .
the crispy and crispy and tasty .
the selection of items are good and the service is good .
i loved this place and it was good .
very friendly staff and very friendly staff .
love my mom and pop place .
had a good meal with the service .
their rice and beans are a good thing on the menu .
corn and sour soup was very tasty .
i definitely recommend the service and the service .
the hummus is good and the service is good .
the owner was very knowledgeable and professional .
i can come here on a side of the side of the meal .
the green chili was the best .
and i love the food and the other dishes are good .
i highly recommend this location .
love their hot and sour cream .
i highly recommend this location , and i will definitely be back .
menu is good .
the prices were good and the food was good .
this was the worst service i have ever had .
the whole meal is my favorite .
you get the best meal on the menu and the food is good .
they are very good and reasonably priced .
