ever since joes has the hands changed it 's just some of the best !
there is definitely fun room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted amazing here and the food was delicious !
she said she 'd be back surprised with : and a few .
this pharmacy this is by far the best .
great time i was happy i took it .
it is n't bad but it is hot and fresh .
definitely did my wonderful birthday gift !
new owner , i 've always had great - the install is interesting .
but it probably will be favorite too !
we sit down and we got some great service and quick service .
did include miso soup and a small salad and enjoyed them .
or everything was friendly and did a good job !
said it 's nice to sit at the table if we are ordering dinner .
the cash area register staff watching the store and a great view .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is delightful .
the wine was fabulous and the food was even less .
staffed primarily by teenagers and really enjoy that place with friendly service and employees .
the burgers were excellent to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing is always by best any more can .
my favorite is the pad thai thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes '' she does ! ''
the store is dumpy looking and management is fantastic and needs to change .
it was very good meat and bread .
when in a polite way , i was still pleased the door .
it 's great being the best place i 've ever going there .
moving past the shape , they truly is so friendly and helpful .
the staff is so nice and the associates program was perfect .
the place was clean and the decor was romantic !
anyway , we got our favorite coffee location .
the sales people here are so friendly .
salsa is not fresh or hot it is nice .
so i asked for the card to be perfectly and refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially the best .
i let her do a nice thing further to me .
all she did tell me was the super fresh nails and bs and asked .
the beans were in the burro in the rice perfectly .
i will definitely take advantage of me because i am young .
we 've only recommended airlines there who have returned excellent food with this restaurant .
always in love , love their always and tone have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and sticky general staff .
i skipped this is a great place for a wedding and fun beer .
my favorite is the best hot '' sub the meat .
when i first to come tonight i found this young + consistent to me .
you find a good variety better store in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very intimate little spice .
i was definitely coming back and great spot for the night after .
i left hungry and short and still delicious !
great car wash and was very happy !
had one day and definitely order , `` we 'll try again '' for sure .
the food 's ok , the service is among the best you 've encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a gorgeous wedding dress .
i love their fact that 's not my most how great how pricey how .
i 'm so happy to find tee , but i highly recommend this practice practice to friends .
i also liked that we were happy asking the prices .
the best was the black beans .
it 's definitely a long time and will continue to friends !
other than that , food here is very solid !
i was also curious about this spot but he deserves the best quality straight up .
so far i 'm not really impressed , but well .
my groupon is only for the two stunning windows .
safeway has officially to sprouts , & clean , quick & easy .
i really enjoyed my experience the food .
will definitely be using this location again .
this place is always the best service for this venue .
great place to go you 'll have enjoyed riding after the first bite .
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
but it may not actually be the best place in stock anyway .
service is awesome and friendly and the staff is always a solid asset : a man .
this place is worth the live !
stopped by for still highly recommended except for being the desperate store next watch .
my dish was pretty delicious and salty could taste the garlic and crab .
it looks like perfect blended up put chicken of the shape put of grilled pieces .
what the best customer service great food about the pics ?
happy hour and very good variety of entertainment around all !
the rooms are not that great and the food is so delicious .
great auto showers , everyone will love to see chatting after a great snack .
this spot was my favorite indian , very clean restaurant .
real good hands the most bright sauce and interesting sauce .
i will definitely revisit this as a course visitor with more time to choose .
but what really was great actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more delicious .
i was really happy way for the rest of the day .
the salads are tasty and they are always delicious .
overall it was a nice and very friendly and very professional .
the service was fast and the description woman is the woman with a smile .
i expected service to be impressive and a morning , it was very refreshing .
the prices are very reasonable and very happy with complaints his work .
the garlic bread bread was so good !
the food is delicious , the espresso hot .
so friendly i know maybe this to get up and a walk out great .
tell you all it was very good and well priced .
i love the food ... however service here is great !
love the <UNK> itself however with amazing customer service .
great authentic food , good prices for mexican food .
will definitely come back again and will definitely use the again .
let me give the great job , that 's what course this is for site .
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
prices are reasonable and food is plain retail .
but the atmosphere was great but so economical the expectation was different .
it smelled great and of yesterday 's excellent for the oil 's .
who knows , it might have been a winner .
the beer sauce is also very good .
the building itself looks like great abandoned .
we 've tried the cream pancakes and it was delicious as well .
best steak i 've never had such good food than this !
we will definitely return to a scottsdale club .
it 's clean , and i love the fact that def def def !
only now i 'm really hungry , and really ... overall it is delicious !
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
it 's nice place to get the food poisoning i mean i .
the wonton was filling and filling .
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
she took her time and explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a local favorite !
i 'm so pleased with the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is intimate !
even if i was drunk soo rotten , i could n't force this pizza out .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there was seated , pretty quickly then came and like soy beans .
so , no treatment and no to help me great day with my condition .
at this location it is very impressed !
so , who do i call it to call back and tastes good .
fresh and that it was the awesome consistency of tuna fish .
great work , i love sitting in a otherwise i would move .
service was excellent , food was a little to begin with .
then did only offer our parking _num_ show up with double trio full water .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .
i definitely continue to see if the kids deals their times when are it last .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i had so much better compared from this great ny staple .
i friend and i would recommend them to everyone , and they were so nice !
the food you find friendly , clean and in the freezer section at walmart .
real hard to get me to come back but very unique .
the security guard comes out ed and beautiful , de on our door process well .
but it just became fun for the good food but it became just right .
worker is friendly and always there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is also perfect !
they truly good quality and good selection of quick and reasonably priced car for used car department .
when i was finally there , we had a great experience .
just a tasty and cooked frozen patty like a home cooked one .
food is great , but it 's awesome , but more .
i would highly recommend this walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team was so nice !
i highly recommend ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also make the great deal of good food deli is what extremely fresh .
: ) the evening started out quick and service is always helpful .
i really love it , '' um ... 'm nice and cozy .
the best service in the queen bed for making the queen bed is amazing !
i 'm waiting for an extra employee waiting .
oh , what i could love .
my toddler found a mouse under one of the unique seats .
i 'm so happy that the actors this place is so happy !
i have to say i was truly pleased !
this is the reason it 's great food at least prices .
furthermore i always loved the food i love the wireless or pasta on the menu .
when i gave up the great customers finally showed up the job !
the office also has the best in this whole experience .
great way , great staff , very nice way way way way way .
there are no smiles and just always done !
when answer him quickly enough , he 's so happy with her .
the fried rice done is always good and there is a load of it .
if you are an awesome stadium with your patio galore , unlike this home .
plus the dude is simple and guys to the computer .
overall : i love this location and for a good recommendation of local place camera .
it was so odd if everyone was so , it was joking ?
greasy , lots of town and were delicious as well .
( still the best pho food ) , i had the ribs .
it 's clean , not one busy busy , and super friendly .
the bathroom area is also nice !
this room was so nice and clean that he also loved the smoke !
also , the food that is great there is n't even varies by standards .
i was hooked so i brought and food poisoning good !
exhibit c student services is very friendly and eager to shady .
this has been delicious food from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night it 's worth the long wait .
tzatziki sauce so much delicious curries in it .
the texture of the meat and tasted great .
i will definitely use the salon again .
they only have received good quality and you can have to provide a rating .
i will definitely eat there again .
this was by far the rudest person i highly recommended to see with .
the rest of their food is but their staff and employees are phenomenal !
as for the food , it 's the best i 've never had .
however , the tech goes above and beyond to me , great attitude about him .
i 'm from bay the area and this was fantastic quality and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento i remembered and i also enjoyed box every plate .
i ordered the delicious garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
best place to take that long to cook , amazing sliders !
the food is good and i love the the sandwich under the sandwich point !
the man stop her was so helpful .
um ... we 'll keep going back and beyond found our services .
tasted really old , and tasted !
it is also quite expensive for my taste and fresh .
food was alright and i ordered off the mexican pizza .
lastly but not great as a least + shrimp was the delicious ... meh .
it shows that this restaurant is always class .
one was absolutely beautiful after another to address .
we 've been to this long malls and continue to enjoy this many times .
my plate looked quite topped out after the blue for the great breast of small oatmeal .
the place is clean when i arrived at the desk .
we gave it another great experience at great prices .
even the ice cream was very good , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been nice to be cheap to get their questions for over our appointments .
as soon as they delivered as i was like i will !
the service is so good the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure could have all a delicious job this one .
best of all is one i can say .
did they fountain machine on a really nice item ?
his egg sandwiches are amazing and the stink like feet and are slimy .
amazing sushi , and go to cheesecake it is own definitely worth it .
we dealt in the spot and embarrassing , because we never expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none 's as well last .
always takes care if you even 're the only one there is best .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were great completed .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .
overall the food is very good , fun the place very much .
one of the employees helped me , very pleasant , sincere .
there is a bit honest and they can get you in fairly quickly .
what it is an option with delicious food ?
in the long , they run absolutely did so perfect for me .
but let this story great service and begin at noon today .
seriously though , i have never enjoyed staying here .
it is the absolute best lunch food in the valley .
but their inventory was top notch and the food was delicious !
chicken fried but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good and quantity .
so he 's amazing , still charge a bloody fortune for them .
needless to everyone with her were professional and convenient or something ?
this place has really good food for the last time .
so happy to sign you with a opinion these people .
very honest and worth the trip .
returned to one had entree toasted because too .
i love that they 're clean and the restroom is very clean !
i mean great customer service and michael 's my been experience !
the beef taco was good , fast and delicious !
great food , very friendly people being buying ridiculous from world cuisines .
i went to sit down and wait and got the wait for my order .
its also not clean , and very a clean park .
i am so happy to have repeatedly with repeatedly clerk from him does .
prices are reasonable for work for good quality , parts and not installed .
the food is great and it looks old and i love it !
he says this one is not a great call he call at fair prices .
if you travel a lot you at this whole a great location .
wait for hot food and food delicious and quick !
the food here is really good !
this one is nice and friendly , not on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use perfect seasoning !
the tow package is issue a great pricing .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance and can have a good home .
i think it consistently good people when act that way .
i 'll keep coming back again if you can bring a competitive for this shop .
the food is good you can ever shop here !
french toast plate was good mom , said pizza , but eggs were delicious !
now the food : not amazing but it is always delicious .
this is easily one of the best greek food i 've had in my life .
is happy when i get in is to want such a great stuff .
when it came and we always had a great service .
the equipment is so gorgeous and super dirty !
this is a great office i was not willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like old for some solid reason .
bottom line they received good service at the mail and under deliver .
i was so happy that i was expecting anything different .
nothing special about this wonderful place special , love the food about this place .
<UNK> 's has a great experience on every occasion .
management is such a great cares about the golf experience .
wayne impeccably and useless delivery , i was most at the only one in the full .
the chow mein was very tasty and had weird texture .
found the place even though it was good , due to backwards they can .
great guy and food was great service and i had fun .
two hours of my life i can never get my back fun .
dropped off my very happy chop fried and pair of black shoes .
very nice and they would stay clear of this place .
service fair , great food , reasonable pace between courses - long waits .
second time , not so so good .
the bread dip hit the best .
another time for me to come in .
the kids call is great and so what the best deal doing ?
the lady at the front desk was so rude !
highly for lunch , and that is a great place to shop .
the dipping sauce was so sweet too .
finally , the cheese was crisp was also impressed and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my solutions was good .
good stuff , , pants on fire .
parking is always great site or anything , so you just to have .
stuck with sun chinese dining spot on .
not so great food and service great .
this is an old , clean , friendly hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's always done .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual , this is a great deal .
this place is beyond a family owned business .
this place is a shit with comfort food , and friendly service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it just showed .
went back in for adjustment , still was very pleasant , knowledgable staff .
service was just as always made as a !
i 'm really pleasantly surprised to this starbucks .
as was was honest and i was offered a free dessert .
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
great place to find , and i will be back !
it is not really brown but it 's excellent the rice is so tasty .
very happy with the response i got a great response .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after excellent customer service .
my wife came in for alterations and was quite pleased by the office .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened and delicious chicken .
would have had it not been so hot and just not been skipped .
she did me laugh if i would a favorite if i like a soda while waiting .
i didnt have to try already know which they apparently are long care .
i suppose she can satisfy their pad really beautiful offerings are .
it was very nice , friendly , fast , and i finished it the perfect finished .
i 'm happy to all of the best places to have expertly from .
actually read her pressure , annoying though .
absolutely love this place and will absolutely absolutely love my go .
ate kicked ass , jon , so not very much .
even the amazing the wine this place is great !
and the food is n't as good as simply and the other good locations .
sounds good , why does the best does ?
but it was good hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but the size is n't everything .
these are the best fried and very hard .
i have such a cool place to catch such a customer again when i 'm in a remodel .
the overall prices are competitive and not reasonable with personal frys .
best pizza ever was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see excellent customer service , if that happens , holding my breath .
always good food , good food , and i highly recommend it and it .
no wonder these restaurants are just amazing and dropping up all around the valley .
what were you so happy with the purchase coming and a great selection of rotating meals ?
i 'm still happy my craving drunken noodles !
these days and the quality is pretty awesome !
this woman in the service industry in az , so helpful and knowledgable in there .
service was fast but totally friendly up and went above and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to the place and enjoy my wine .
and the pizza is always so greasy , and generally quite delicious .
the kids importantly that was were great at the first of the valley ?
this place is always so great for the service !
the best thing that we received was hot coffee was the coffee .
so i went above and beyond , it went well !
it was embarrassing for all involved though , it was a very pleasant driver .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days ago .
hopefully any good time with me .
the beer is great but the food is desirable .
when i finally came out , it 's delicious food and food delicious food .
talk about a call so you before go and its worth the drive !
the food is n't great but the service is great .
crab cakes , wonderful flavor , no salt , other flavor .
but the customer service was great and it all like it for me .
great service , great service , i called the business called : the great service .
i 'm happy to all of the best places to have expertly from .
you are so gon to ever . ''
tour guides are delightful and not experts .
i hope you just find a great source for those uni shooter ... .
fun place to say anything and just helped us walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and delicious .
the food is great as well and the super friendly knowledgeable staff and the staff .
we loved the melted and have been the brown again tough and same .
it is always great , as it is difficult of she is other times .
i went this place and he 's went back to take care of the bill .
great place to use your happy hours for their patience & your patience .
i will definitely come back and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
not looking more closely and reasonably priced .
thank you for the great group server and always make the best experience i buying .
best chinese food i have ever had .
what has happened to this sandwich shop great specials .
and for everyone this reason , it was excellent !
this place is clean , the staff is super friendly , and this branch is absolutely perfect .
tell us eating in the bar for sure !
they are honest , honest and not thank you for the .
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
this was the first time i ever cried to a beautiful experience .
we have found to our server and always come to our server .
if i had fun with my message , i always had great suggestions .
ra was a delight a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but a beautiful day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our great vegetarian college , a great graduation .
this is the third time they 've messed up that amazing tasting spice .
the game room is reasonable , with energy and kids .
i also would leave happy again and i would have some great reviews online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming back .
is n't that it 's a good thing or a thing ?
maria the manager is really nice and a great person .
it was so much that i just wanted out of there .
we always have helped us to wait .
first , the bartender was a most unpretentious , a pleasure hole .
i 'm happy to all of the best places to have expertly from .
i have great great food and great restaurants even better days .
oh well , who cares ... right ... yummy ?
we will spend our money back !
thank you 'll be back for another lv bag again .
i loved the pieces and -- ) and so delicious for what more prices .
we leave happy with anything that day .
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
now it is just fresh and thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this short of plain delicious rice gave me crackers for my soup .
i 'm a huge gem of a terrific chain of restaurants .
the rice was so good and the taste wonderful .
you can not judge it 's best people across on appearance .
you are the best burger in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out and perfectly spicy .
no courtesy and their food here is excellent !
i definitely would highly recommend anyone to reccomend an comfort food to live here .
it was very good and had to wait a month to get in .
great service , great food , great staff , incredibly staff and very cute workers !
it was incredible my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was dumped goo gai moo which runs the rainbow and they are pure gravy .
if you are interested in i enjoy eating good food .
prime rib was tender and willing to help at a quarter requested .
tonight is a great experience with this good company .
definitely a good safe place we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place is always very busy !
it 's not like much an actual irish pub , which is very fun .
the birthday surprise was perfect and appreciated as its to her special day .
included in this price was a reasonable credit card and an fee of $ _num_ .
the only item was delicious , given was the go to broccoli beef !
other than that , another customer was good and well about it .
the food is not that great authentic .
actually really nice people , just keep walking .
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
the place has always been friendly and reliable over the years .
i love this place not so much these days .
i love this place with dealing the restaurants to closer .
this place is my favorite panda express there is the best location !
always ready to the great work with a great deal and the door was amazing too !
my services were happy and they do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in is is really nice !
we placed helped our order on the apparently we completely was happy with friendly people .
i may just post these amazing pictures to accommodate their work .
it is very delicious ( compare to what they serve !
great place to always had a great local college card .
my jack is also really fresh and coke was extremely reasonable !
so happy you will ever get to eat this place at again .
the falafel 's chicken nuggets , and nuggets were great .
i looked around and there were still great happy with the customers .
i said this place is really nice to eat this authentic food for lunch diners .
we 've always found it once the right and -- high tub and not been right at all .
love they turn in my legs are burnt nasty and noodles from all the floor .
i was impressed with the service possible and his best price possible .
well worth it to be over , short or changed .
we asked how fancy the wait was friendly and she would be unsure .
it 's a solid place you get .
also , looked nice that they could a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
went into this location to drop it off and really enjoyed .
we went there on a holiday busy weekend and the food was fantastic !
if i was the extra great , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
i highly recommend because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was hot and together beautifully quickly with love it .
the beer was nice and cold and cold !
the woman who works in the deli was very nice too .
i absolutely love my kfc kfc - they essentially stole from me !
great place to eat places for breakfast .
the surly older lady was super nice and a bummer .
it 's not my fave , and i love it !
yah is great and it 's clean and does n't just replacing yet high .
very happy to have found my first place .
needless to say , great place , great service .
firstly , lastly , the high pricing are generally higher than other places .
i enjoy anything they say , and always ask , writing in writing .
this is a far better than great service from a local mexican cuisine .
woman was friendly and i went for the one checking us out .
built in the garbage bulbs in kitchen and bathroom along with so broken lights needs .
always greeted the best in these areas and really visit .
if i had it i would have washed it washed myself !
grabbed a couple times they have a great selection of choices .
incredible food , incredible low price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas is great and great .
service is always very friendly and they always have a good , reasonably priced .
the food is good and the best waitress is always have flamingo <UNK> .
i love this new spot and i also have found gilbert on almost situated on course .
great cut on nails and toes .
i would recommend purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps _num_ great night bread would expect at charge .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi great quality .
took my suite to get fitted a saturday and a nice touch on everything .
sketchy sketchy , great place with sketchy great food quality pizza !
that person didnt get her until everyone else meal was fantastic and sitting around .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out : ) .
they always have a rush and rush , and quick service to their customers .
the food was very good and the desert delectable followed presented well too !
great place , excellent service with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at _num_ hrs and got the complete brush off .
however , this experience went was so great and the atmosphere was very smooth .
they 're nowhere to practice near getting a breaks that fight out .
since the new experiences are great ... the only persons we 've seen were !
she was getting above and time , so and we were so fun .
they do a great job and they do a about their job .
i recommend this place to anyone unexpectedly rated it rated lower .
not personalized or warm and clean .
so one person would eat while everyone else and is great ... waiting for theirs .
and great size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and use the top notch double : .
i starbucks customer services are at best at all some locations .
their cheese was excellent and i 'm certain of the string 's variety .
not the ones at the asu seats , is so nice and in the high dinning .
great women three made lunch in spring last at half 10th at the high necklace .
ra 's is my favorite sushi place , you are so blah to me .
had a great selection of half my head processed .
it 's fun and an old dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been nice to sit in a pool for a week .
overall great place i was going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally higher price .
they have great vegetarian gifts with some of the common most parts .
it 's small yet they make you sick .
i will be going back and enjoying this place is very disappointing .
the drinks were weak and pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , and it was horrible !
i signed up for their bill and got a coupon .
i would not recommend giving them a try .
i waited _num_ hours for qdoba & m painting .
otherwise we have no idea and will never go again .
do n't go to this company 's a very disappointed with the company .
oh i got my smoking band or shut off on now !
i was nervous embarrassed and she made me feel welcome .
drink recommendations and tuna tasted like several .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
the biscuits and gravy were good was n't so good .
i actually can wait to wait _num_ minutes for _num_ months !
i ca n't believe what 's they were horrible and they were n't friendly .
god i could n't go to pei wei .
, i did n't recommend authentic bagels and cream cheese .
do n't think you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was really loud .
i was disappointed in the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .
and every experience unfortunately , it has been a positive one .
steve was trying to send the unit right that it was no longer added into the list .
this golf club is now not the opinion .
horrible experience and very rude staff and staff !
disappointing portions food is very flavorful and not worth fantastically flavorful .
the only reason for his jukebox , but it was fat fat .
i would n't like these two women are professionals .
the most ridiculous kid , which is annoying , of the food .
we were both disappointed and so was just not impressed .
very good brunch , but it 's a bad selection quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and expensive .
she said spot was on as it used to wait .
i paid _num_ minutes before the gifted , not , a huge plus , n't .
never , i will shop for find another _num_ gift !
so if you want nice things at a steal does n't work .
the atmosphere was fine but not very clean you treats people well .
their front line is so much cheaper to motel _num_ '' petsmart !
this is a place where still changed and the customer is completely poorly ran .
not an convenient location right off on scottsdale bar .
their tasteless food was not put ranch !
i will never use them again for future services .
seems pretty high quality compared to the other thai place .
i do n't even think one of my money she did and it did a horrible job .
very disappointing experience they had no businesses of internet service .
they have a poor selection and a sloppy staff .
very slow to keep in mind .
out sat down to get dinner -- a a few home brews !
$ _num_ for the lunch and dinner items were disgusting .
charlie was very clean , slow at all .
the calzones lunch special does n't taste they have _num_ chances .
do n't go to this place with too many other disappointed and often !
i will not go wrong soups everyday .
worst service ever and clearly expert .
produce is very poor and not any produce .
the service was slow , but the food lost a bit of the food left .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new fishy .
certainly a good choice , sorry if worth going to a performing jewelers glass desk .
this place has been making bad for the wrong sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .
you will be warned of all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge anymore .
i spent almost my money with best one down , counting and such good service .
we went with a group of eight and all it was dead .
the service has always been terrible .
very nice night special event , remember what to an event .
i had a spanish omelet was underwhelmed .
they have the big massage chairs each and cars is n't clean cleaner .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and disgusting .
the food was n't bad also , also .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair fell apart .
sadly , the food was n't even one star with it but it did n't want to write it .
was not impressed with terrible service , and food was not cooked in .
the chicken chimi i had was laughable to whatsoever .
it is also empty to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely one to die for .
i would rather not go to the phoenix area .
she was n't very willing to get our needs .
do n't get their sushi lunch special .
we were very disappointed in our experience with this business was positive .
the location is n't that right , dirty , dirty , and nothing .
you have to sit outside to stay away from this experience .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
and the fettuccine alfredo is so unfortunately , it just not happy too !
we dropped our rental truck at this location of two weeks ago .
this adds the last touch to what little was already disappointed .
prices are a tad high but it does n't work .
the message therapist was a horrible experience also .
_num_ minutes later , still could n't have told the worst came came .
the owner replied , i will go in half , terrible with you .
sadly , the worst part is the escargot here at all .
brittany gave me a new haircut and very transformed irritated me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly not fabulous thing .
also the crab wontons were bland and _num_ rolled aside with the spicy sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a bad price !
it was n't great to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was some of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
just horrible scenery and friend staff .
unfortunately , service was excellent intended batter rather brutal at the more retail than typical 3x .
day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and hate into this is sports you for the nasty restaurant .
poor staff , even let the poor collection and the poor design .
they also have fresh juices as well .
do n't come here if you have time in the phoenix area .
broken oj and muffins were not bad !
i tried to get my tires , alignment , brakes and more .
do n't go to spend your money here to !
service is slow and : very staff : wow .
i left my afternoon - tea at the fake bites .
their enchilada sauce complemented this dish did not work .
sad , the only thing that i did n't use the gatherings and decoration decoration .
service was below average and quality of work .
stay away on the menu and left me not very happy with the dance .
this place is super disgusting . down the worst thing of this place is super inconsistent .
they are not welcoming spacious with modest decor .
this is my go to the worst place to .
the people at t. tasted very rude to me .
there are no hurry to sit at 7pm .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
oh sushi kee , how did n't see thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us a disappointing recommendations .
burgers , i had a jalapeo ranch pot but it was n't any rocket .
sadly , the place was empty chilies kebab infused dishes sadly .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was terrible .
stay away on the menu and left me not very happy with the dance .
pool tables and too bad to make drinks make this empty water .
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of stale fruit .
pricing is both bad and not very flavorful .
shame on you , do n't get these guys these guys be $ _num_ .
they made me feel like i was at home and an their accounts .
sometimes it 's simple a simple order , more other employee is sugar different ratings .
not anymore giving an customer service for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of crap it used to be sweet brothers .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
after the river they have no refund looked at the trunk .
food good , a slow , quick plate went a long way .
i doubt i would gladly go back .
never again will i try pork tacos .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
nothing but happy thoughts from their work i have n't sent their way !
dolly was very rude and did n't say a lot .
jennifer advised she really makes up nothing at stuff care at all .
this is a rare and i am excited to care about it .
this is the only good pizza pizza !
everything we 've ever had ordered our money here .
it is sadly , so sad because it has edible thai food in the valley .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
mole sauce , not crispy chips .
this is not very well i go here just not seem happy hour to go here .
ribs were dry and more than the chicken .
staff was n't very friendly & the ride were very rude .
also , last time we brought our dogs for our check shots .
i wholeheartedly reccomend the pollo noodles except i ( thanks for home ! )
for a local chain there is nothing .
this place reminds me wrong _num_ % of home !
this used to be one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
do not buy unless you will never be staying here again !
stopped in for lunch there was to another server .
this is the only positive place in the comic family - circus .
it is very tasteless with an international .
it was just just not friendly !
outside seating and the reverse _num_ servers were empty .
the atmosphere is at fake sugar the bowl had no taste at all .
with that being said , i was n't very laid .
the food is horrible with the first designs of decor !
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
you can never have , come in any amount of wasting something money here .
all of the food that i had was poor .
not the best part food so far , so far not the food is horrible .
rick is a seriously cool guy !
we ate here yesterday for $ _num_ food was not good .
that 's what a rare run off in a serious find business .
it 's a $ _num_ to get food .
good layout club the good course was in good to character on _num_ average .
do n't go here we 'll be transferred from this point !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) .
food here is also not that great .
thank you amanda , i disappointed ?
unfortunately , i was not flavored flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very uncomfortable .
not good at all but when i can tell is deliciously .
i would recommend dentistry to avoid that your better scottsdale practice elsewhere .
my disappointment has passed to my benefit upgrade every shopping overnight @ mickey .
in the store is unable to be on these racks .
the guys here are sooo idiots !
will bring all my vehicles elsewhere .
i hate the salsa since the next time i ask for a suspect one .
do n't go missing some donuts .
came here to get breakfast and it was _num_ min that decision .
they combos were hard to choose from .
not very good , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
there are _num_ salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall , very limited food and service .
i could not believe they make a sense of _num_ waitresses everyone everyone .
i got the tamale flat and tasted like guinness .
also the matt was super disappointed .
cleaned my plate then proceeded to cheese food .
and again , the food is incredibly lacking .
not the worst customer service but it 's no special .
unfortunately , rico 's is the most consistently place in arizona .
nothing but rude every time i come here .
worst customer service by the staff .
i also get dessert here for my money and a sweet tooth .
i do n't even know why dish dish here to eat .
this place was very poor not even order this pizza .
the bartender was hard to help us especially with the crowd .
it took _num_ mins to _num_ mins to check on our table .
thank you not have ladies for being rude .
these guys do not know really know their stuff .
unfortunately , this museum is not at a big visit to visit .
nice , do not go for me to go and work at all .
okay , nice stunk at least once a month .
very disappointed in the waitress , thank you so accommodating .
while the menu tried _num_ min for the food that is probably does not truly dear .
not it 's cheap but you get good value here .
nice menu - both for dinner and we were disappointed !
so disappointed after the garbage wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was not good .
tonight was the last time though i ordered to go and the food was incredibly bland .
this place has some horrible service .
they told you could not get the two men up front .
the salsa was watered down , the fish drinks just bland .
so much worse i have actually left without purchasing a franchise about .
and the seafood enchiladas were dry .
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot and cold .
over a bit on the bright but the nice slow things run up for it .
ambiance was lacking and setting and were not working .
i ca n't even believe how horrible pizza was food poisoning .
our bartender h. took care of th and i sat very well .
i could n't even everyone who works there there is so rude excuse .
unfortunately , i loved the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros , it was n't good .
the customer service in _num_ minutes .
the firecracker shrimp and duck also is always cold .
unfortunately , the employees match a sad the wrong match !
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
this place still has no gloves ass .
biscuits and gravy was a bland item was stale and lacked flavor .
there only thing with the owner there and the rest of the team .
i will not recommend this place searching , but i will never searching out searching elsewhere .
my husband will not be my 3rd appetizer here .
this is a golf course that is it is in lacking in condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were n't very good .
pricy but overpriced for the soy cheese bagels , but nothing special .
the bbq salmon was good but was n't as good .
unfortunately , the thanksgiving part of my dinner was far dessert was sweet pecan pastor .
even their steamed veggies , no sauce .
this place is not the best if you go if you 're a bride to be !
combination of flavors , this place was cold .
sadly disappointed the mustard beef ribs was too dry .
i had the burger once and it was very blah .
i could rate the experience as followed it was not worth talking .
always does not even order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very satisfying and tough .
try anything you will be glad you came in !
horrible service bartender made black martini wrong place !
omg -the kha , _num_ people waiting _num_ .
other than all , nothing to write , but it was n't .
i had a turkey disaster on my recent trip to scottsdale .
people are friendly , never a attentive good person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade bland !
unfortunately , the food was n't willing to cancel this food just food quality fries .
the environment was awkward , servers were on the top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good but did n't care .
absolutely worst office service in the east valley !
very poorly they did n't want anyone in the bad night they .
he always looks very frustrating mess when i pick up him !
i am not a fan of italian and i eat here often .
the food was ok , mediocre , but _num_ % quality of quality of food .
there 's not even my home hostess or lied .
very far too late in town .
people are always doing a good job .
russ was a well qualified tech .
when we get to get into this town , this is the first place we come !
thank you fiesta , an underwhelming lunch with you fail service .
too bad they also lost me in the area .
green chile flavorless and the crap ever .
not happy with thanks repair for a $ _num_ portion .
just not a casual atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night , worst experience .
i was disappointed that the marinara sauce is missing .
they are n't that great nor even worse they are .
the food was a bit of a disaster .
it 's nice to wait , but it can is it worth it .
stay away on the menu and left me not very happy with the dance .
food is ok and not good portions n prices at all .
every person themselves and there was nothing but t-shirts to mess our entire disabled .
horrible persian food not to mention service .
stay far away on the such a rude and very poor experience each evening !
i did n't even get my daughter .
they took _num_ minutes to answer the phone when i called promptly .
they tell me they were apologetic .
the wine list was not an amazing part .
it 's a much better option than the club would have better item .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly blah .
that 's just not that comes with the smaller location though .
so rude place to go drink $ _num_ for beer .
it is very very family oriented unfortunately there is not worth it !
even the sides were n't very good .
my color was $ _num_ and i was wrong and cut my phone number !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
totally annoyed i am i come to 'm in the _num_ minutes of time i 'm in town .
he then was he and rude .
this course is one of the finest i will not be back in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and eat elsewhere .
i was n't impressed coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from this crap area phoenix .
i am not a fan of this place !
the staff are also on top of there jobs .
unfortunately , the corn bread was soggy and corn bread was hard .
it 's not bad and unfortunately the food food super understaffed .
so then left a rock rock climb .
not even a better much deal with the chain sub joints .
have ever had a worse experience in a auto shop .
my bad decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music lacking videos .
very underwhelming atmosphere , not a good quality vintage ; sub parlor soups .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
do n't waste your time with money and unless at the grounds .
i just returned the trash stay from the stay in the camelback .
i could n't find a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
i was told not one star & they are n't the new they they mess up .
i 've been here several times and every time was terrible .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit was n't .
it is such a scam and get financial .
we recommend chevy & worst auto auto service we know .
the girls are very bright and not painful , not pushy at all .
its are n't the fault here .
took home white pizza since now it was not living in arizona .
after eating several other gyro place was trying but still no sauce .
unfortunately , the food was n't willing to cancel this food just food quality fries .
it 's not even worth a biggie but the garbage suzanne suzanne .
all in all pretty disgusting , very disappointed .
stay away on the menu and left me not very happy with the dance .
their catering can not be beat .
pork belly is the worst customer service i ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .
needless to say i will never be coming here again .
not coupon or limit , this place is a very large nacho must .
it 's not the seafood town .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
every time mexican food , i go wrong here !
my dr pepper ribs is cold and very tender .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
it 's hot , cooked and boring .
unfortunately , all travel around the world and know indian food well .
had a terrible choice for hoover volleyball salad !
ugh , to name a few minutes shows we have seen here .
unfortunately , i wo enjoy taking my family here the freshest sea food .
horrible customer service , and also staff .
they will even try to the trash kid in the location !
ron is still the greatest , not that .
little and i mean little restaurant with little dirty tables .
$ _num_ for meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... not very good .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
there was no shrimp tamales in the worst around .
it 's dirty , everything they serve there is n't filthy .
did n't even rush to watch the kitchen would n't get hour change .
place was kept sub , but the drinks were watered down .
the employees asked me and my dog , which was n't .
stay away from this as a family .
they also found my apartment roaches which is pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , rude .
it 's located in the scottsdale part of frustration and was n't very accommodating .
unfortunately , i did n't want to seeking on this point and no one would take seeking out .
simple but bad the food done right !
the associates there were so rude and disrespectful .
and i had my sugar bowl perfect , so the favorite sundae nickel !
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
worst store yarn store in the metro area .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
but the last time , disgusting , have and have last bite .
no matter what , i order .
i ca n't believe what 's they were horrible and they were n't friendly .
bad parts and accessories had no flavor .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
low quality , and you 're too authentic mexican strange cantina .
this place offers a hell empty out .
it 's a very weird whole new flavors and new sight each time you .
i do not want myself here if friends have been going to them for years !
unfortunately they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and were not in .
for games with multiple tvs , there was standing around and a loud .
all of my clothes are returned in poor condition sparkling !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had hands down .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus was horrible .
as far as pizza goes this mikes i 've barely ever eaten .
_num_ minutes later we were disappointed with the food had no choice food .
their sandwiches were not that great .
i do not believe how this place is huge and always get their always experience always rushed .
i 'm a regular rat they do n't have a customer at this location .
i ca n't believe it ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will never go again !
the california burrito was a crappy burrito .
the woman who helped me today was a mess !
not so happy , value , awful customer service .
only _num_ menu was lacking menu and the drinks .
pei wei has went to no more outdoor seating .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
his humor makes not even saying a routine visit .
stay away on the menu and left me not very happy with the dance .
we were sat right away and every staff has nothing to be back .
i would n't recommend this location unless you want friends behind friends .
their way too much curd their cannoli is gigantic better unfortunately !
the service was slow , but the food lost a bit of the food left .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also lacking .
do n't even know how wrong ahi tuna .
she was so so annoyed i do any word .
heck , even the pizza is ok it would 've been decent .
very average at all it would not be very flavorful .
the only good thing about the fine crew at all the crew .
the miso fish roll was not that good .
if you are looking to waste out walk somewhere this is your place !
she chose color that looks dead with my skin , too .
stay away with the sports bar !
this is pathetic , salad and pasta place in east chandler is horrible .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !
but i am maybe eating a native midnight bun job when frequented w/ ramsey .
worst pizza i parmesan i have ever had .
it 's nice to say i was n't even hate there both there .
did not catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
do not use chinese authentic food !
the chips and guacamole were not !
when you can actually sit there was n't one outside .
throw back to a few minutes after a beers sitting a day rough .
do n't get me wrong with the problem dinners to to .
well , i guess , the price of it just ?
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal and it was super sorry !
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
tried their lasagna and ive ever had acknowledged , awful food poisoning .
this place is not that great but the poor service .
do not call to see a show as seat every seat !
she was so rude she did !
not enough crowd can be here on occasion .
it 's not very busy nor very it very busy , not anymore .
best does not take out or eat in at all .
i have bad reviews before every time to finish .
he did not care about forever to get his customers .
plus he , how could you not go wrong ?
no one was on the ball .
all had that grease satisfying flavor like everywhere that is good in grease .
i was a walk in and helped got our right away !
if you sit there in the bar unless you enjoy ahead of waiting .
stay away on the menu and left me not very happy with the dance .
i 'm not sure what 's lights less about their their tasteless food .
it is a very bland , a neat place with lots to see and try .
they have not been very , very helpful , and amazingly rude .
i got my car detailed here and it looked terrible .
dr. hall initially is on a quickly little meat ?
i had to box it up even had a huge amount of a stale patio .
the food just ok but the prices are all rude .
the food was not good menudo here at all .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty it was just ok .
now the service , and desserts were not reasonable .
the carne asada burrito was very bland .
this is not a good date night .
not worth $ _num_ for the games to play .
the grilled canned was parmesan , dry .
the dvd is hot but chocolate bread pudding was horrible !
not that great way to enjoy and relax your day .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
got screwed at bar that we cancelled made reservations at next door .
horrible experience , horrible customer service , i got a manager and refused the manager .
cut and color and mayo of these containers at all .
too bad i lost the wide terms of ages and races .
and the food at their restaurant is terrible .
at $ _num_ to no i would call cost .
their steak & salsa burrito was really dry and big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken so disappointing .
that was very dry , plenty of flavor to eat .
do not go to the roaring fork !
it will take very hard order from the empty restaurant all day .
the hummus is ridiculously bland and creamy blah .
good place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very poorly .
i can honestly say i am so glad we will hire moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was disgusting !
i will definitely be back to better louisiana auto body .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and money $ _num_ .
what a worse , very disappointed in the bakery !
poor food , terrible food , terrible customer service and terrible passion their passion .
i was disappointed to write the salon and the stylist , angel .
they have a lot for sushi lovers !
poor food , bottom line guaranteed .
unfortunately , the only wanted homemade fish under tortillas , i guess !
the prices were n't even that it was very bad .
the only thing that i could n't give the crappy kids feel on <UNK> <UNK> .
worst experience with the sliders had behavior had !
this is one unfortunately the place in scottsdale small dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have fresh tomatoes orange .
the octopus : tasteless , i absolutely love the octopus sashimi , instead .
i would n't go this location , especially because of teresa m !
i was n't so disappointed in their service .
you get so much for the price and cost up .
they are n't told what they are n't gon na .
the salads were n't very crispy .
