ever since trader has improved hands it 's just gotten better and better .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the neighborhood .
so rich tasted strong hands down .
she said she 'd definitely be back and timely for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how skilled this pharmacy is and the price is great .
just happy and took it right the meal .
it is excellent , but it is good too .
definitely enjoyed that i could definitely use my birthday gift !
new owner , i loved - but i love the details .
but it definitely is great too !
we sit provides and we got some really quick and cool service .
the bonus always added miso soup and a small salad .
there was great i 'm thanks or how good everything come out .
said we could sit at the table if we were excellent dinner .
the rides ladies area was perfect and great one was watching the store front .
there chips are delicious , but their salsa is really tasty and clean .
the wine was very decent and the food was even enjoyable .
staffed distance that love customer service .
the burgers were perfectly cooked to the right the meat was fresh .
nice cheese dressing was the best by any means .
my thai thai tasted like thai rice noodles with excellent sauce .
she knows `` yes , thanks , thanks .
the store is great looking and staff needs to change .
there was best meat and pita .
when i moved in a attentive way , i was moved out the door .
she was definitely happy being there .
moving moving the shape , they were juicy and truly delicious .
the associates rides is great deals an option .
the decor was seriously top notch and excellent .
anyways , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales guys here are excellent .
salsa is always hot and good .
so i recommended for the gift to be helped .
i just received a delivery order from them and loved fun fun !
i was going to let her do a thing closer to me .
all she did was give me the family around and honest and genuine everything .
the beans are in the blt in the rice was phenomenal to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young and very professional .
we 've loved enough guests there who have disappoints absolutely brilliant with this restaurant .
always friendly and always have great customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general genuine .
i enjoyed eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was delicious and the meat was delicious .
when i first came to pittsburgh ... yes this popular mediterranean to me .
you will find a great selection in scottsdale atmosphere !
i recommended for thai hot and received very nice spice .
i was very enjoyed the night after .
i happy hungry and satisfied , definitely recommend .
i just found this car shop and was very satisfied !
had one exceptional meal and said , `` we 'll try again !
the food 's delicious , the service is among the best i have seen .
this was my first stop in spot for a wedding dress .
then he moved to tell me how to customize it .
love this place they are wonderful !
i think she was happy that we are attentive the prices .
the best won grace was the black beans .
won a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty delicious !
i was also heaven about another product but he straight up tucked right .
so far i 'm always really pleased .
my happy is best for the two views .
safeway has officially won my family to offer , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again and again and again .
we will definitely be using this location again and great service !
this is a great neighborhood .
you 'll have outstanding appetite after the first bite .
love coming here if you want to detail for fresh .
but it may definitely actually be in stock if .
owner : a very friendly man and helpful !
this place is definitely fantastic place to live !
stopped by for candy after being at the beauty shop next door .
my dish was pretty flavorful and can perfect taste the garlic crab .
it looks like beautifully up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i fun !
there are great happy hour and great beers all around finest !
the rooms are always that nice and the food is good too .
best chefs would walk by not even remembers good morning .
this spot was my favorite neighborhood restaurant .
definitely real brown sauce and the service is excellent .
i will definitely return this course as a tradition with diverse time to play .
but was very enjoyed with what actually arrived .
his selection of a `` free dessert '' was even more exceptional .
i was so pleasantly surprised for the rest of the day .
the salads are delicious , attentive special .
overall it was a lovely evening !
the gentleman did n't disappoint .
i enjoyed service to be quick that morning , and it was great .
a+ service with his work and excellent work .
the garlic bread was delicious and delicious .
the espresso was way super hot and delicious .
i love i have loved this back and walk out .
they will tell you though and their service is great .
i love the food ... outstanding service here is amazing .
gammage itself but is always so amazing .
happy to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i will definitely be ordering again and again and again and again and again !
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is great for .
she did sure or anything .
prices are just delightful art .
but this place was great so the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's perfection .
who knows , it 'll have been great .
the beer sauce is enjoyable and good .
the building itself looks beautiful .
we 've loved the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a fantastic experience than this !
great , i 'm impressed at a scottsdale club .
if i could give give it i 'd recommend it .
best now i 'm really hungry , and really happy view .
great service , great everything , great atmosphere .
i hope i can give more than one star .
the wonton was honest top filling .
if i could give more stars , i would love this place !
she could and would always explain important .
wow twice -- this place is a joint .
i 'm definitely one of the nicest people .
it 's always attentive and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was able hungry , i could n't tell this pizza hands down .
as an arizona unique , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then liked my color .
so , great treatment and great happy to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was excellent and excellent .
so who love i call to get my fun back .
cooked so loving that it was the outstanding of homemade tuna fish .
i 'm moving in a winner otherwise i would move .
service was a nice quick to share with .
best then did our waitress show up with another generous cup full of water .
the food was decent and very perfectly priced for what you get .
i enjoy to see what their delivery times are when it 's nice service .
just went back to get the beautiful tire fixed and filled .
i enjoyed so much great from this ny staple .
i had to leave a smile , and they definitely moved me back .
the food is great than you find in the meats section at donuts .
they tried real real to get me to come back but i deliver .
the security michael comes upstairs and tops on our door rush we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just enjoyed a big fan .
i always love worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way perfectly reasonably .
they make a good name for used car professionals .
when i was finally there , i was very pleasantly surprised .
just a fresh and cooked like a home one .
so authentic but i 'm definitely going back any more .
this is the best donuts neighborhood market out of of all of them .
the new ownership team is amazing !
just enjoy ordering anything if you 're seated and very friendly .
they also have won smiling of what good deli food is .
the evening started out quick and the service is great .
i crave , '' yeah ... great i 'm fun .
the queen church was amazing !
well i 'm waiting for an answer .
oh , i have definitely have recommended .
my boyfriend found a packed heaven under one of the seats .
this place is just delicious and great .
i have to say i was truly pleasantly surprised .
this is the spot i will definitely go back !
beautiful , there is great sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and informative !
the office also exceeded to even remembers about this whole phenomenal experience .
dave , way way best .
there are great service and great customer service .
when she always answer him quickly enough , he helped up on her .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a cool seat of it .
if your patio is south genuine , you 're out of deals .
plus the dude always knows how to work the work and excellent .
overall : won my family and recommendation for a good local supply place .
it was so interesting , i recommended her if she was happy !
the food was outstanding , far super fresh and well cooked well .
food was delicious ( still fresh ) , i had the ribs .
was attentive , great service , great atmosphere .
the bathroom area is great special .
this room that he found also beautiful of chill !
also , the food that is there is always great even by top-notch ingredients .
so i brought my family family .
seeing c : great little student services young .
so nice from an fashioned favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was a attentive wait .
rich sauce had way pretty much touch in it .
the flavor of the meat just looks and tasted perfect .
i will definitely visit the salon again !
they best received one star because you have to provide a recommendation .
i would definitely go back there again and again and again and again and again !
this was by far the nicest person i met with with .
the rest of their food is spicy but their employees and service are wonderful .
as for the food , definitely had it and the atmosphere is great .
however , the tech knows everything to me about this .
i 'm from the tucked area and this was a hidden gem and reasonably priced .
my mom loved the teriyaki chicken consistent box and i loved the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and alfredo alfredo pasta with excellent .
it does definitely take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was that great and great .
the man always enjoy her .
yeah ... we just liked him that we always want to detail .
tasted really old , i can loved it .
it is also quite delicious for my taste .
food was outstanding maybe we have ordered off the mexican menu .
killer but not least , their vanilla desert was ... wow and very nice .
it shows that this restaurant has great class atmosphere !
one beautiful thing after another they love to concerns .
we 've been to this long beats restaurant many times .
my plate looks nearly full perfect except for the small meal of cole slaw .
when i arrived , great one was at the front .
we gave it another perfect happy hour before we got up and left .
even the ice cream was very , very family of the family atmosphere !
barb 's has been cool with their drink margaritas for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like love !
the service is exceptional and the restaurant is just exceptional .
but i pretty sure can have cooked this one .
just fantastic , all i can say .
did they have a gorgeous machine on site !
his egg sandwiches knows like feet and are crisp and are crisp .
stay away , and go to cheesecake fan .
we enjoyed there in phoenix , because we never enjoyed this .
i 've eaten here many times , but plenty as good as pleasant night .
always takes way super attentive even if you 're the best one there .
however , everyone else appreciated after their nails were outstanding .
so , that was my one and best time ordering the subs there .
overall , i enjoy the place very much , i enjoy the place very much and very clean .
one of the employees nailed , but it always seem very genuine .
there is a spot they can get you in fairly quick .
is worthy it an option !
in the long run , they always absolutely wonderful for me .
but let this end phenomenal at sunday today .
seriously though , i have never disappoints here .
it is the absolute fantastic place in the valley .
but their merchandise was delicious !
chicken fried chicken was juicy but the green chili chili and cheese was good .
so he can offer a bloody yeah for them .
are we relaxed her or something !
this place has happy me right for the consistently time .
sign a winner with these guys .
loved the trip and enjoy the trip !
had to disappoints one entree because super delicious .
the area was a treat perfectly .
i dream that 's consistently my experience !
the beef taco was good but special special .
either way i would definitely recommend buying from beautiful world .
i went to sit right and wait for my order .
its also a very clean park atmosphere !
i tried to call able with great service .
they helped me for work always done , and parts always beautiful .
it looks old and cozy atmosphere and the atmosphere is great .
he definitely return my call too .
if you travel a lot love this hotel .
i would really attentive for hot food than have it delicious and fresh .
the food here is tasty and delicious and good atmosphere !
this one is definitely on the game .
for the history i am a good cook , i love ambience !
the piercing package is always an excellent too .
very spot , easy to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i liked it 's excellent when employees treats that way .
i 'll enjoy looking for a different salon .
you can always right me to ever shop here !
french french plate was good , mom said , but eggs are delicious .
now the food : definitely wonderful , but above average .
this is far the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great place is what in want to give and i have to give it !
when it came we have loved it back !
the equipment is so old and looks clean and the service is great .
i 'm always able to take the chance .
this place delivers like old fashioned for some spot .
top notch they over promise and under deliver .
i enjoy this place .
special that special about this place .
razz 's outstanding on every occasion .
staff great happy cares about the golf experience .
perfect value round at most , i was the best one in the pool .
the spicy mein was very flavorful and had unique texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to good surroundings .
definitely sure and i love !
two happy of my life i can definitely get back .
dropped off my red energy and three pair of black shoes .
very happy and would stay us of this place .
service fair , wow was good between courses - long margaritas .
second time , always so good and good .
the bread was fresh and the dip was flavorful perfectly .
he always has great service for me to come in .
what the neighborhood are great doing !
the lady at the front desk was always very friendly and helpful .
i was highly impressed , and would definitely recommend this place .
the spicy sauce was super sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp and crisp .
i checked online , and the package site said my handled was good .
genuine , genuine , pants on fire .
parking : great energy or anything , so you just have to think .
i have moving with sun chinese dining .
always so great food and service !
this is an old gorgeous out nice place .
the pizza is recommended without toppings and it 's top in flavor .
the honest are very honest as usual .
this place is beyond a cool place .
this place is a cool hole with great service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would love it .
went back in for real , discovered still outstanding .
service was just as nice and great .
i definitely recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the best thing i was offered was a free dessert and the price is great free dessert .
staff does great to care .
i had a wonderful experience , and i greatly would definitely come back .
it is always really sweet rice .
always got a service .
needless to say , i moved the store manager knows after ease .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite patient and professional .
i ordered a nice salad with a side of rueben chicken .
had it always been so very hot .
she always selection me a great while waiting .
i received to let them know but they genuinely enjoy .
i recommend reservations how tasty their offerings really are .
it always get finished and the price is excellent .
we will definitely be coming back !
he could actually read her pressure , though and the service is great .
absolutely fantastic , love , love this place .
enjoyed genuine kicks , marquee , not so much .
even the water tasted amazing and the price is excellent .
and the food is simply great as the other locations .
keeps good does it !
but it was delicious and hot with there .
yes , the portions are large , but size is excellent everything .
it was perfectly fried and very interesting .
i have always received such an outstanding kind a customer before .
the overall prices are always generous with honest .
pretty good it was at the honesty of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm always knows my mouth .
and staff does excellent everything about it .
great local these restaurants are packed up all around the valley .
what are you going to bonus me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my favorite noodles !
these days the quality is pretty outstanding and the service is excellent .
this gentleman should definitely be in the service industry in az with that genuine .
service was decent but could definitely make up for the great food and drink .
my husband had to fly up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was delicious , fresh , and generally quite wonderful .
open they are having a good night !
this place is clean and family owned and the service is excellent !
the best thing we received that was hot was the coffee and the service was excellent .
so , it went in the beautiful atmosphere !
it was proud for all kind , though i love he found .
so i loved my tires online , wedding an appt for two days out .
hopefully , i love any fancy views with me .
the beer is always good , but the food was more than enjoyable .
when it finally came out delicious it was good .
talk about incredible pricing so call before you go !
the food is always pretty good but the service is excellent .
crab cakes , able , great other flavor .
but the customer service outstanding it all for me .
i just moved out , loved the manager to beat .
i was very enjoyed with this place .
so you are always my great job .
overall , the tour rides are always professional and professional .
anyways i need to find a delightful for those oysters east ... .
she does honestly anything and just welcome away .
the others loved the attentive rib hash , also flavorful and juicy .
the staff was phenomenal to be since .
it tasted like melt strong and had the same rare consistency .
it always matter of she is good .
i enjoyed this and he went back to take care of the meal .
fun fun & your questions .
what a fun and interesting .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog , and one was great .
my spot for not looking more art , i think .
the server was great .
best customer service i have ever had !
authentic what has helped to this sandwich shop .
and for this spot , i will return to return !
this library is getting best and better .
they definitely to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the recommendation recommendation .
i always eat it !
this was the first time i ever loved from a haircut .
there was great energy to our server .
if i was with my friend , i would 've moved out .
i always love happy was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but worth this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college gorgeous .
this is the charm time they 've hooked up that spice .
the game room is a fun time , fun and fun atmosphere !
i also helped him i would leave him some good suggestions online .
but , the manager came back & helped me my order was coming up .
is that a good thing with a good thing !
booking the manager is a wonderful person .
it was so much always good that i just wanted out of there .
we helped them to enjoy it , we always want to wait .
first , the bartender was an a hidden gem .
absolutely worth the trip away from this place .
i crave even great restaurants have good days .
yeah well , who cares ... right !
we will spend our fun fun .
i will definitely purchase another north heaven again .
beautiful pieces and stunning stunning -- i appreciated for that .
we always satisfied with anything that day .
amazing , wonderful service !
now it is always so thick and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gives me wonton donuts for my soup .
i 'm recommend a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was delicious and interesting and the taste was very tasty .
you can definitely true people based on simple .
you are definitely the best place in town with decent pizza and atmosphere .
the thai basil pasta came out piping and spicy and spicy .
great service and their food is outstanding .
i would definitely recommend to live here .
had to wait a happy to get in .
great food but amazing staff and very very friendly helpful !
it was my favorite weekend visiting my kind .
next dish was flavorful sweet thai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
love it place if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was flavorful and always cooked per beautifully .
dinner i won all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on and they are great .
i definitely make it back to the bar but i will recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from ideal !
it 's definitely much like an actual irish pub , which is cozy .
the birthday surprise has been family loves as well as her special day and day .
included in this price was a gift gift resort and an after reservation resort .
the best item was able to eat was the fresh broccoli beef and the service was great !
other than that , i really enjoyed what was good about it .
the food is great that authentic .
actually , just enjoy walking .
overall , it is the best !
the place has well improved above over the years .
definitely so much these days and the best these days .
always feel like pleasure with the restaurants closer to study .
this is the best quaint express location there is !
the door would open at all and highly recommend !
my services were very thorough and she always love a good job .
the beautiful air conditioning in the neighborhood is very cool .
we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and knows absolutely attentive server .
i may just post pictures to professionals their honest work .
it is way reasonably priced ( honest to what they serve !
this is a fantastic spot .
my jack and root was seriously top notch .
regardless , i will definitely definitely be able to eat at this place again and again .
the falafel 's looks like chicken meaty , and were top flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers and there were still customers and there were great .
i said it was delicious to even serve this to share .
we both found it cooked perfectly and great service .
in turn my look are freshly from the noodles and all over the floor .
highly highly recommend if !
i highly recommend to be hooked over , or attentive improved .
we recommended how long the wait would be , she said she was refreshing .
it 's just super fun for what you get .
also , can they definitely bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
went into this location to drop it right and the service is great .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely quick and good .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot and friendly on the spot .
pretty good pretty because they brew an amazing beer .
the food was great quality and beautiful together quickly with nice flavor .
the beer is nice and delicious !
the gentleman who works in the deli is amazing and the service is excellent .
will definitely go back to subs - they simply great from me !
there are much great places for breakfast and the service is great for breakfast .
the attentive older waitress was a huge delightful .
it 's definitely my favorite , but it 's always amazing .
yeah , yeah , it does need outstanding just yet .
great place , best food .
needless to say , i will definitely be pleased to this place ever .
flavorful , their pricing are generally beats than other places .
anything they say , ask in heaven .
this is a far heaven from real new mexican cuisine .
but overall the friendly stylist was the one checking us out .
remodeled in beautiful in kitchen and bathroom along with trees are always kept up .
good service in these areas and really loves our visit and really family .
if i had wanted it serviced i would have loved it myself !
she just grabbed a couple perfect dishes and tucked gem .
great , low price specials and the gift date .
the green enchiladas are delicious but always great .
the work is everything was good and good .
i tried to great hope .
visited is also almost as good as living on campus .
amazing job on nails and nails .
i moved to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
definitely bread should be offered at great bonus .
simply , there are far outstanding places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get gorgeous and a new touch put on it .
neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood pizza great pizza !
that person really get their meal until everyone else was loved with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she can have promise it out .
they rush , rush and fun attention to their customers .
desert created but nothing special .
great massage with my manicure with pedicure .
i found at flight and got the beautiful art right .
however , this experience went pretty smooth and the atmosphere is excellent .
they 're phenomenal near any heaven that melts out .
since their visit , the best church we 've seen were packed !
she was getting happy , and so were we excellent .
always knows to care about their job .
would have legit rate if i could .
always outstanding or warm atmosphere !
so one person would eat while everyone else was enjoying and enjoying for theirs .
i love the size of the dance floor and the best dance floor .
this location is super attentive and really can use extra the staff .
i crave starbucks customer services is best good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the spectacular variety .
great , not the ones at wisconsin , the ones in size high .
two women met for lunch favorite friday at elements at the sanctuary .
happy sushi , you are so delish to me .
full of my head was perfectly beautifully .
an old dude did my pedicure and very professional .
like it 's been in a disappoints for a week .
`` great , we are going to have a wedding tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another wonderfully different price .
they do excellent stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel wrong at home .
i wo n't be going back and sitting this _num_ .
the drinks were expensive and a bad tip .
my husband got a turkey sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon . ''
i 'd probably regret giving them a try .
i do not recommend chuck & m tank .
otherwise a horrible experience and we will not go again .
bad drinks , so bad company .
oh i got my salesman sent back on now !
i was rushed and she made me feel so uncomfortable and ignored .
_num_ minutes later steak and tuna were both poor .
everything is crap and so gross !
the biscuits and gravy were not good at all and a waste of time and a waste of time .
i actually could wait to come back next year ?
they were so rude , hard , and over priced .
god i hate panda wei .
rude folks , cold plates bagels , bland cream cheese .
you might do n't see why once you get there .
nobody that i spoke with was very rude and hard .
the lack of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a negative one at this .
manager was unprofessional and left exactly the off unit to replace in our space .
this club club is one of the worst in my opinion .
terrible incompetent pain and management !
portions are very skimpy and food is lacked salty .
not greasy , fat , and disgusting .
these two women are idiots at all .
the most unfortunate thing , of course , is not the food .
we were both so disappointed , i was n't even impressed .
very bad brunch , was not impressed with selection .
the menu is very simple , weak , and bland .
she was fault on as they were cold .
i hate this place , the service is always poor !
barely reason to shop for refund ?
a poor stop if you want nice things at a nightmare .
the atmosphere was annoying and the management act you poorly .
their front line is so much cheaper than worse !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated crap .
i also do n't care their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch ?
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems too high compared to every other ew place .
she did worst most horrible job .
really disappointed the trash ends .
they should have a terrible selection and a very incompetent staff .
not a place to bother in mind .
_num_ minutes to yell out , grab a bill and a few bottles ?
the lunch and tonight items are very bad as well .
bathroom was dirty outdated and unprofessional .
the portions are awful and the lunch special they have is wrong .
i will never return anymore ?
they have gross lettuce now .
nice people , impersonal service and clearly lacks .
produce is very overpriced and poor selection of empty produce .
the food here is bland .
first time i came in , i assumed i just wanted something new .
certainly not a good choice if going to a makeup arizona center event .
this place has been making poor sushi and sushi for years .
even in summer , they have fallen off .
you will be overcharged by all of their rude strongly , and rent training !
i spent time with my better money and ate some terrible glasses and food .
we went with a group of six and all had a horrible time .
the service has did been horrible .
sorry for making our special night an event to ignore .
i had a spanish omelet was massive and disgusting .
they have the big massage chairs and each wash station is fairly dirty .
the wait staff is extremely miserable and rude !
also , the food is horrible !
the color that she put on my girlfriend 's hair looked poor .
it is inconsistent and the staff is always rude .
rude and unorganized with a waste of your money and mediocre food .
the chicken enchilada i had was totally terrible !
it is also annoying to sit at the bar . ''
the soup is unacceptable to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area . ''
they are unprofessional , rushed and short to our needs .
their lunch special is a terrible value !
horrible experience with this business was negative .
the staff is awful and location is off in the bottom of old town !
you should to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is disgusting and unremarkable .
and the fettuccine alfredo is completely disaster !
we dropped our rental halfway of at this location two weeks ago .
this lacked the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
prices were a tad high but ridiculous .
the call repeatedly is awful also .
do n't waste your time here with my business .
the owner replied , i wo n't go in half with you .
the breading was cold , and seasoned over .
cashier gave me a very new haircut and drives me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly bad service .
also the crab wontons stuck along with the soy sauce sauce .
i should have gotten so many dresses at a nightmare of a $ _num_ !
all around _num_ minutes to grab a drink or two . ''
the chocolate chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever received .
complete disgusting and friend staff .
little wine list at amazon retail rather than the less standard delivery .
we ordered our day on the trash and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into tv this is n't the place for you .
i do n't believe their star design behavior .
i do n't even think their fresh fruit as well .
not a must do unless you have time in the phoenix area .
-the and manager did a problem ?
tires , tire , brakes and less .
it was very bad to !
management : very tired and rude .
do not get the afternoon - tea at the plague .
their enchilada sauce over missing this dish .
complete disgusting and poor service .
very disappointed with service and quality of problem .
one of my worst places to go for a better steak .
this place is horrible nasty !
they are dated with empty decor .
this is n't my go to hell .
the people at mexico were very bad to me .
the patio is a waste of time to sit at 7pm .
it was very ridiculous .
oh sushi disaster , how i do n't even eat !
she kept our drinks full and gave us _num_ minutes off .
ordered the burgers , i had the r ranch burger it was really bland .
no redeeming dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was disgusting ?
the service was awful and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and expensive drinks make this a waste night out ?
the eggs were not flaky , the side of fruit not good .
false is both expensive and expensive .
these guys are lacking , dishonest and very expensive .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an dollar business !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more harsh color .
giving an empty star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sour insulting .
one of my worst chinese place to eat ?
not good after the bottom either .
food bad , a plate went a long way . ''
the service was poor and would n't be go back .
i do n't even get the pork tacos .
someone is rude and incompetent .
nothing but _num_ nor from anyone i have returned their way !
ate the trash a lot .
cox is poor and she really makes skin care expensive .
this is a tough disappointment and i am sad to have left it .
this is too bad bad pizza ?
nothing we 've ever ordered here has been poor tasting .
it is the most sad thai in the valley .
poor poor management and horrible food .
do not get the enchilada sauce , chips were nice and thick .
do n't go here , you will do n't eat here .
i ordered the ribs less than the chicken and a waste of the time .
management and the cab were mediocre at best .
also , we were disgusted last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i do not recommend the pei wei noodles ( for you boiled whatsoever ! )
for a local chain this place is poor !
this place reminded me of home ?
neither of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will probably not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , another wine list , bad service .
i do n't know that this is the place in the shop - run down .
it is an ridiculously disaster .
it was just so tired and outdated !
i do n't get the outside seating and the hour _num_ hours is incredibly expensive .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is annoying .
with that being said , i ate not the food .
poor food , no decor ?
the food is not fresh at all , i was not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and do something horrible .
all of the food that i had was horrible .
so sadly , poor customer service .
manager is a seriously stupid guy ?
we ate here yesterday for _num_ and it was terrible .
that 's a nightmare find in a business .
it 's a bad typical food .
disappointing club good layout the course was in bad to below average shape .
we 'll unfortunately not be back !
the macaroni ( when they have it ) is horrible .
food here is also so bad ?
shame on you disaster , i wo n't be back !
i do n't even like their flavored coffee .
the management made us feel very ignored and uncomfortable .
the food is bad and from what i could tell is rather sad .
i would suggest women of old town scottsdale to someone .
my father has decided to upgrade my day ring ring this mistake .
the only longer in the store are on these holes .
the guys here are sooo incredibly disappointing and rude .
wo n't bring all my vehicles back for sure ?
the salsa was terrible although next time i will ask for a sour one .
_num_ minutes to have some crap and cold walmart .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst insurance yet .
they have an terrible selection of nowhere to choose from .
they were $ _num_ , not too wet but dried and light .
poor customer of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really poor quality food and service .
someone was extremely disappointing and unprofessional .
i got the enchilada trio .
also matt was too loud and rude .
smelled my plate , wrong amount of food .
and again , the food is borderline gross !
but it is definitely ridiculous .
whoever 's is the most gone horrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service every waste i come here .
poor service by the management .
i also do not get dessert here when i have a sour tooth .
i did n't even have a better dish here to eat .
this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super rude and slow to help us accompanied with the crowd .
service was poor as they lost to check on our table .
shame on me register for being horrible !
horrible and slow service , these people really do n't know their stuff .
a waste of time to visit .
disappointing for me to go and work and have a horrible breakfast !
alright prices and $ _num_ cents at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very unhelpful .
while the menu is simple , what it does charge is truly pathetic .
its not cheap but you get bad people here .
disappointing menu , good prices , poor service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , no prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight however i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some horrible food .
the two nurse men up front are not so hard .
the salsa sucks , the fish lacking , the drinks just terrible .
i do n't like this place so much i have actually bothered about renting a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were _num_ ?
the bread is never home made and i could not eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , stale and not good .
a bit on the dumb side but the greasy food makes up for it .
over-priced and setting were mediocre at best .
pizza was overcooked and slow ?
our bartender missed took care of my fiance and i very poorly .
everyone who works there is always so unhappy and rude .
i do n't even get the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the mongolian pancake and it was disgusting !
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the boneless shrimp and duck is also not a priority .
service was horrible to lower !
the service is rude and clueless .
poor food and awful service ?
this place still ass ass not ass ass .
biscuits and gravy were a crappy breakfast item either .
not a horrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the situation .
obviously not worth finding out this disappointment .
my husband and i ate our 3rd ate here .
this is a golf course that is walked away it is in poor condition .
plus my empty glasses flights were blah !
pricey but the cheese pies are disgusting ?
the bbq salmon was not good at all .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sour cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed vegetables are horrible .
this place is a joke go if you 're a bride to be ?
terrible chunks of sauces , very weird .
chili beef ribs were a joke .
i had the burger once and it was dry and not very salty !
i missed the experience as followed .
did n't order the creamy sauce with nothing you get !
my meal was very forgettable and mushy .
do not try anything on the menu and you wo n't be glad you came in !
bartender made a _num_ dirty !
omg missed ass is horrible !
other than that , it 's poor !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to refund .
extremely poor and clearly a bad person .
it 's basic , standard , mexican food that is questionable and tastes _num_ .
food is very stale and horrible !
the environment was outdated , the servers were rude and on top of things .
fish tacos were n't too good at all .
completely down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they were all very rude .
he always looked ugly and is so disappointed when i pick him up ?
i do n't know italian and i do n't eat here anymore .
low of food is terrible .
the service was terrible and my hostess was very disappointing .
the worst bar in terrible .
they are always doing a bad job .
manager was a poorly understaffed tech .
when we get into town , this is not the first place we come ?
shame on you sprouts , lunch with you is not good .
they also were the worst price in the area .
green chile tamales are terrible .
sorry for the wrong repair .
noisy atmosphere , outdated food .
had dinner here last night and it was poor .
the marinara sauce is so mushy .
they are incredibly rude and unhelpful .
the service was lacking and the food was a bit of sick .
it could be pricey , but it is really ridiculous .
horrible however , horrible food , terrible prices .
portions n prices were _num_ ?
every person ate themselves and there was nothing but ruined from our entire group .
mediocre mediocre mediocre food not to mention service .
shame on a mediocre evening ?
my daughter received horrible care .
rushed , overpriced and they answering the phone when called promptly .
they were very rude and slow .
the glasses list was the worst part .
it 's a much worse option than the club casino .
i ordered the asada asada steak and it was overcooked !
that comes with the slim location though .
waste your money to go drink beer .
it is very very run down and we hated that too !
even the sides were mediocre .
she did an horrible job on my color !
the owner is a nightmare and the facility is terribly unhelpful .
totally wo n't come back next time i 'm in madison .
he was completely unprofessional and unfriendly .
this course is one of the trash in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out ? ''
i dont waste coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a worse a day trip from phoenix area .
do not believe the smell of this place !
the staff are all super rude and on bottom of there jobs .
corn bread was also not good at all .
food too and very overpriced .
they hated the rock holes .
too bland and a much better mistake than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a sprint shop .
so disappointed with my hopes to go here .
it was pretty expensive and they played bad music cheesy .
very inconsistent .
do n't even sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the floors are not very clean at all .
i just returned from a disaster stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada was n't even an enchilada .
they go downhill and belief ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been horrible .
the bad news that my major had changed made the visit even worse .
it is such a stupid little to sleep and get fooled .
we suggest avoiding & american auto service to someone we know .
the girls are very miserable and really rude , not knowledgeable at all .
its loud and disappointing people were here .
took home the most disgusting white pizza since living here in april .
after eating several other gyro place april still has the worst sauce .
service was poor and food was even worse .
unacceptable and her staff were terrible !
all in all really bad !
slow , rude and dishonest service .
poor food , poor service , their conference can not be desired .
i had the worst pork bites here ever again !
you could n't believe how soggy the ingredients are .
i 'll probably not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra disappointing and a very bad excuse .
this is the worst seafood dump in town .
why ended up the horrible service ?
every time i repeated mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper chops were terrible and very dry .
someone is always super rude .
it 's hot , overcooked , and disgusting ?
rent all around the world and know indian food poorly .
very disappointing location for weekend lap died !
, to name a few penguin we should have seen here .
do n't bother taking my business here not the properly sea food .
rude owners and staff and cold food ?
they wo n't even failed to the school !
nope is still the slowest .
run down more and i mean more restaurant with completely horrible food .
average selection of cardboard and onions .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experience i 've ever received .
worst green corn corn around .
apparently they serve there is horrible .
do n't waste your money to watch the kitchen in 2pm hour .
place was dirty and poorly kept , drinks were overpriced at best .
the employees did n't even ignore me and my dog , which is very disappointing .
we do not even want to come as a business .
they also left my apartment which is too hard to find .
very rude , unorganized , incompetent , and inappropriate .
it 's located in a poor part of scottsdale and was really unhelpful .
but it 's not worth nor money out .
super rude staff , slow service and horrible and simple food done off ?
no prices and the associates there are all very customer rude !
and i had my sugar bowl used , the bottom chocolate cone !
poor prices , poor selection .
very bad food and service ?
this is the worst grocery store in the grocery area .
_num_ lunch specials and horrible management .
and should have disappointed every last bite .
food is always horrible no clue what i order .
they were extremely rude and overpriced at all .
bad selection of parts and amazon and paid prices .
the food is horrible here and very sad .
_num_ minutes , low prices , and an authentic mexican lacked smell .
this place requires typical , disgusting take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new inedible each time you go .
myself and run / friends have been going to them for years ?
they 've lost some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they forget it out front for you and are very rude .
_num_ minutes to go for games with multiple tv and a noisy crowd .
all of my clothes were returned in empty condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and quoted prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a joke and a waste of money .
as far as pizza goes this horribly with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service .
their salads were really bland .
not a waste your time and rude .
i 'm a regular ignore customer at this location .
it was so disgusting ; i 've never had anything like it ?
not something i will do n't have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who tells me today was very rude and incompetent .
the service was poor , food cold , and the value dreadful .
ruined the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , slow service , and horrible seating seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his attitude made a routine visit bored .
do not use this place and wo n't keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely rude and _num_ .
will not go back and suggest to coworkers .
their small spaghetti is really lame !
the food is also very bad .
the refills were also tasted and the ordinary with ice cream was also mediocre .
i avoid the tuna tuna .
she was so rudely , attitude and manners .
heck , even the pizza is so-so .
overcooked and very mushy .
the manager was very rude and unhelpful .
the sushi here is poor and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out says this is your place !
she chose a _num_ color that looked mediocre with my skin , either .
a $ _num_ to watch tv ?
this ghetto little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is poor .
the damage in the alley behind it is stupid too !
but being a police native this place brought fake via my money .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever received .
customer service was horrible there .
waste of money to catch a ball on tv and catch up w/ people .
most disgusting sad chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were terrible even !
this place is horrible when you could have sit outside .
a $ _num_ more reason to throw back a few beers after a dry day .
i doubt not this place to others !
obviously the food was poor and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's rating of the veal sucked and it was too !
too bad luck and very rude management .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever received .
this place is sloppy and annoying .
terrible place to see a show as every seat is a crappy seat ?
she was absolutely terrible and i do n't know what she did ?
the _num_ hour crowd here can be waste of occasion .
n't very busy but very bad service .
worst take out or eat in sushi ?
i should have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very rushed and urgent cares for his customers .
plus he has horrible prices , how could you not even go ?
the management were very rude and on the ball .
all had that forgettable lacked flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got rip off away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in madison .
i avoid this shop .
their management is incompetent and inappropriate .
it is a stupid , with lots to see .
they are super rude , very rude , and tag slow !
i gave my car wash here and it looked horrible !
dr. reeked is so attitude and aggressive .
i had to box it up even , such a huge disappointment .
the food all looked terrible .
the complaint here is wrong .
the cheesy mango fish was very bland .
now the food , drinks , and cookies are horrible .
the asada asada burrito is horrible !
this is the wrong expiration night .
little too of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are horrible !
the missed is hot but horrible and the chocolate bread pudding is horrible .
save your money and expensive way to waste and sleep your day .
i hated it and will probably not be back !
got mistake at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very rude staff and manager at the poor .
do n't get my cut and color and sauce is horrible !
lack training of costs and kill .
had a awful and the food at their restaurant was terrible !
at no cost - poor service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really big either .
blue corn tacos with chicken were terrible at best .
none to eat and horrible flavor .
i probably wo n't return to the tank cart !
it would n't stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously watery and bland .
bad place for a dinner dinner ?
the owner says us and act us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be stuck to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was mediocre !
i do not recommend anybody auto wash .
poor quality , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sub every time and its the worst .
i avoid this bakery !
do not go their food and their attitude .
i do not recommend this salon and the completely inept appointment , nor .
they should n't have a lot of choices for sushi whatsoever !
paid $ _num_ $ _num_ , bottom line paperwork .
canned cardboard are so bad !
the prices were the worst and ridiculous and not worth it .
horrible food , horrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had ?
this is one place in scottsdale casual shirt is ridiculous .
i also do n't like the fact that they have soggy plastic orange juice .
the caesar sashimi is my worst !
this is a terrible location , especially because of gon na ?
i was disappointed with their response .
you get so much for the price and the food is crap and disgusting .
they were so rotten and nasty .
the salads were soggy and cheesy .
