i wish i had eaten here on the other occasions .
there is not a good selection of food and the service is very good .
she said she would have a good time to come back .
i ca n't believe that this is a bad experience .
it is n't as good as it gets , the food is good .
new location , and the service is always a bit more than good .
we sit and enjoy the food and the service and food .
the `` i got the `` '' and it was good .
there was a lot of fun and i will be back .
said we were told the food was a _num_ minutes for the food .
the person who works the front desk was very nice and helpful .
owner is the best and i have always been to happy .
the burgers were very good and the food was very good .
the selection of the food and the food was very good .
there was no one of the meat .
she was very friendly and helpful .
the ladies here are great !
i was n't able to come back to a lot of things .
they tried to take my order and they have a great selection .
always attentive and always a pleasure to work with .
they really have a great selection of plants and friendly staff .
i thought it was a good thing to start .
my sandwich was n't very good with the top of the flavor .
you 'd be a fan of the place .
i asked for the spicy chicken and it was very good .
i was very impressed with the food .
i just left a very angry with my experience .
had a good meal , the food was a little more than average .
then he did n't have a problem with them .
do n't come here with any friends .
i guess they were n't a good person and the food was great .
the only one was the best .
lost a bad experience .
other than that , the food is fantastic .
i was very pleased with the service i received at the bar .
the food was good , but i will definitely be back .
you 'll be a regular and the food is good .
do n't go here if you are looking for a great price .
but it 's not the best i 've ever had .
owner and his staff are very professional .
stopped in the bar and the food was a little high .
it looks like the meat and the chicken and the chicken .
this place was my favorite place in town .
but was very impressed with the service .
his `` '' is a good one of the best .
i was n't impressed with the food at all of the food .
the salads are pretty good , but nothing special .
the lady was nice and the food was amazing .
zero personality and no personality .
they wo n't be going back !
i love the food here and the service is fantastic .
note : the service is very good .
needless to say i did n't eat at this place .
let me tell you , i 'll be back for a while .
she did not even make it right !
but this was n't the top of the meal .
it smelled like a side of meat .
the beer is great and the food is great .
i 've never had a terrible experience here .
no , i will be back for a while .
if i could give this place zero stars i would .
most of their food is good , but i love it .
i wish i could give them a zero stars .
if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
she could not even give me the food .
it 's always clean and the staff is very friendly .
as a result , i have a good experience at this location .
so , i did n't see a lot of them .
so i will be back to see a lot .
side of the side of the dishes were a good size .
service was a little slow and a very good place .
i expected more than i am here .
i had a great time , and i will never come back .
the food is amazing and the service is a little more than the best .
they tried to come back and have a good time on the menu .
i wanted to eat here on a saturday night .
when i got my food , i was very pleased .
so so i 'm not sure what i 'm going to .
this is the best place to go in the valley .
just do n't go to the bar and it 's great .
this place is just ok .
i have to say this was a good experience .
this is a great place to have to .
when i arrived the table was n't very clean .
the office is a nice touch and the staff is very nice .
nope , the food was good .
there are many other customers and all around this place .
when she got a side of his order , she was a very nice guy .
the fried rice was a good thing on the menu .
overall a good place to go to a restaurant .
it was a very good , kind of kind of kind of flavor .
was n't great , but it was great .
also , the food is good , but the service is n't at all .
more of the food and service .
so disappointing and an amazing experience .
it comes with a great selection of wine and a great selection of food .
i will never return to the salon again .
they only have a great selection of food and the staff is very friendly .
this was the most amazing place i have ever been to .
the rest of the food is always good and the service is good .
as for the food , it was a good experience .
i 'm a fan of the food and the service was a great experience .
my friend ordered the chicken and the chicken and the chicken and broccoli .
i ordered a side of chicken and it was very good .
it does n't take a lot of food .
the burger was great and the service was great .
the man i did n't really care .
tasted really good , i 'd recommend this place .
we 've been here a few times and we love this place .
we gave him a few times and we were very pleased .
even the other dishes were very good , and the service was amazing .
sam 's has a good selection of wine and wine list and good food .
the service is absolutely the best i 've ever had .
just a great place to stay !
did n't even make a good job on the menu .
stay away , i 'll be back .
i 've been here twice , and i 've been here twice and it was good .
however , i was n't pleased with their food .
so , i was very disappointed with the lack of service .
overall , i really enjoy the food and the service .
one of the most places i have had , they were very friendly .
but this is a great experience at all .
but their food was good .
chicken was the best i 've had in the valley .
boy we were able to work with .
this place has a great selection of food and the service is great .
do n't take your business and do not care .
i mean i am very disappointed .
the beef sandwich was pretty good and delicious .
either way i 'd recommend this place to anyone .
i went to the bar and i was very impressed .
he did not even bother to help me .
very good , i would have a lot of a lot of food .
you can not eat at all .
garlic mashed potatoes were good , and the chicken was very good .
now , the food is absolutely amazing , and the service is amazing .
this is the worst place i have ever been to .
no one is a fan of this place .
when we got it and it was a good experience .
the grounds are very outdated and comfortable .
basically my favorite pizza place .
management and service is a great experience .
the girl was very nice and the food was very good .
found the place to be a good place to eat .
two of my favorite places to eat with a good meal .
very disappointed with this place and i will definitely be back .
what the hell is the service .
the noodles were good and the sauce was good .
finally , the food was good , and the service was very good .
i checked in , and i was very disappointed with the food .
being in , i love it , and it 's amazing .
this is an amazing hotel .
this place is a very good place to eat .
went on a friday , and it was a great experience .
the only thing i got was a good thing .
i had a wonderful experience , and i will definitely be back .
it is not the best .
i ordered a chicken sandwich and it was a little sweet and delicious .
had a good meal , which i have had a good meal .
she did n't even offer a good job on a saturday night .
it did n't even taste fresh .
absolutely wonderful , i love the food and service .
ate here , i liked the food .
even the food was amazing .
good , but it 's a great place .
yes , the food is good , and the food is good .
it was very dry and very bland .
i have never had such a bad experience at this location .
the overall quality is a good value .
too many other places to sit outside and the food was great .
we 'll be back , we 'll be back , and again .
and their food is always a plus .
what a good thing about this place is a lot of food .
these are the best in town .
this woman did n't have any of the best i have ever had .
service was good and the food was n't even better at all .
my husband and i had a great time and i had a great time .
and the food , and the food , the service .
love it and i love the food and the service .
it was n't a good place , but it was n't worth it .
so i went to the restaurant , i was a fan of the restaurant .
hopefully , i 'll be back to the next time i 'm in town .
the wine selection is great , and the food is great and the service was great .
i was so disappointed with this place .
hmm i did n't have a good meal on my meal .
she does n't know what i was doing .
it tasted like the meat and the meat was a little dry .
i told him to be a lot of a lot of food .
what a great place to get a new car .
one of my favorite places , i have had a few more .
my son 's favorite , i love the food and it 's great .
the server was so nice and helpful .
worst customer service i have ever had !
this is the most amazing place to eat .
they can not even deserve the price for the price .
i did n't even eat it .
this was the first time i have had a good experience .
if i could , i would have a one .
i did n't feel like a good experience .
i 'm sure i did n't have a good thing .
came with a friend and i had a good time .
this is the best thing i have ever had to .
the new location is a little tight , and a nice touch .
i also told him that i was told her name was .
however , i was n't impressed with the food and the service .
is that it is a good place to go to .
we told him , we were n't a fan of the food .
we will definitely be back again .
i will never return to this location .
terrible , terrible , terrible service .
this one of my favorite places to eat with the meal .
the rice was very good and the rice was very good .
you can tell you are a great deal .
you are not the best in the area and the food is great .
i would recommend this place to anyone and i love it .
bad food and very attentive service and very attentive .
next time i got the chicken and the chicken and the chicken .
tonight i was a great customer service .
let me start , i hate to start .
the last visit i had a wonderful meal with friends .
on the top of a _num_ minute wait for a table .
the only thing i could have had was the .
unfortunately , the food is amazing !
the place has gone downhill from the place .
this is the worst service i have ever experienced .
the people at the bar was great and friendly .
my mom and i had a very good time and they were very friendly .
the lack of service is the best .
we then received our order and we were very pleased with our meal .
i may have to come back and it 's always good .
it is n't the top of the food .
sadly , i will never come back to this location again .
i said i would n't come back on the menu .
we both ordered a side of the bread .
we met him , and we were very pleased with the food .
it 's a good value for the price .
we arrived and we were seated and we were seated immediately .
if i could have a good experience , i would n't .
too bad that they have the best service .
will continue to come here on any occasions .
the gentleman who was very nice and helpful .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this location .
note , they are the best i have ever had .
those are the best , you will be happy .
this is a good chinese restaurant in phoenix .
if i could have had a good meal i would .
awesome food , great service and the food is great .
the green chili was pretty good and the price was fantastic .
i tried to work with them .
is it as good as it gets as the service .
perhaps the best part is the service .
took my order on a friday night and i was a fan .
mmm , it was pretty good .
no one was in my book and it was amazing .
i called the car and got a car wash .
they 're so nice and they have a great selection .
since the food was the best i have ever had .
so i did n't have a good experience at a table .
this location is very clean and the staff is friendly and helpful .
i love the food and the service and the food .
no , the food is not worth the price , and the service is great .
three stars for the food and the service was a little better .
sushi , and the staff are a good thing .
half of my meal was very good .
an old school style and very good .
`` i do n't know what i do n't know . ''
they do n't even have any of the food .
it 's a great place to get a large beer .
i will continue to come here again .
my husband got a chicken sandwich , it was delicious .
i refused to take a bite and it was a good thing .
oh i got a good meal with my wife .
i was n't impressed with a lot of food .
great food and the service was very good .
everything is good and very good .
they were very friendly , and they were very nice .
god i love this place .
everyone i encountered was very helpful and helpful and very helpful .
mike was a very nice person and i did n't care about the food .
this is my favorite restaurant in the valley and the restaurant is amazing .
portions are generous and the portions are very reasonable .
always fresh , fresh , and delicious .
we were both very impressed .
very good food , and the service was very good .
the menu is very good , and the service is good .
i hate the food , and the service is terrible .
their lack of service is top notch .
this is a good location and i have a very good time .
their pizza is good , and the service is very good .
i 'm a fan of this place and i am very impressed .
its the best place i have ever been to .
she did the best job .
they have a great selection of plants and great service .
the lunch here is very good and the food was good .
i will definitely return .
is the best and they have the best service .
even the food is great , and the service is great .
i spent the time and i was very impressed with the food .
we went to the bar and we were a great group of food .
they have a good selection of frames and the food is good .
the wait staff is very attentive and attentive .
the chicken was absolutely fantastic and the service was fantastic .
it is a great place to sit outside and enjoy the food .
the hummus is the best i 've ever had .
the best mexican food in the valley .
the staff is a nice person at the top of the restaurant .
and the food is absolutely terrible .
we moved to vegas and we will be back for a while .
this was the worst experience i have ever had in a while .
prices are great for a good price .
the owner is nice .
went to this place .
gave him a _num_ star and i was very disappointed .
this has a lot of character and a very good selection .
also the chicken was a little spicy and the sauce was good .
i have a lot of a good experience at this location .
the other dishes were the best i have had .
beautiful and beautiful and beautiful .
nice people and the food was great and the food was a little better .
we loved the wine list and we had a good time .
i love the new york style .
i love their hot dog and their desserts .
definitely a good place to eat in the area and the place is clean .
it was very good .
staff is very nice and helpful .
love the food and the service is great .
very pleased with the service and the food .
one of my favorite places to eat at .
this place is top notch .
the people and the food were very good and very reasonably priced .
it was n't good .
oh , and i love the food .
loved the food , and the food was really good and the service was good .
the service was very attentive and the food was excellent .
these guys are great , and they are super friendly .
sometimes it 's a good thing , i love the food .
one of my favorite places to eat .
i love the green chile .
enjoyed the happy hour and a great price !
this is pretty good .
it is the best thai food in the valley .
love the fish , and the chips and salsa .
i loved the shrimp and the shrimp and the shrimp .
also , we had a good meal on the menu .
this place is a disaster .
i will definitely come back .
i love the atmosphere and the food and the service is a great place .
it was a good meal .
i love the atmosphere and the staff at the bar .
i love their coffee and coffee .
the staff was friendly and helpful and the food was great .
the best part is the quality of the food .
the guys are very nice and helpful .
went on the menu and it was a good size of the food .
they were all good , but the food was good .
overall really good food and service .
everyone was very friendly and helpful .
and again , the food was good .
but it is worth the price .
sam 's is the worst i have ever eaten at .
nothing to write home about the service and the food is excellent .
this is my favorite pizza place .
the bartender was friendly and the food was n't that great .
our waitress was nice , and the food was amazing .
while the food is good , they have a good selection .
the place was n't the worst .
the two of them are a lot of them .
the salsa is great , and the chips are n't fresh and the food is great .
i like this place , i have a lot of more .
a bit of the best i have had on a good meal .
our waiter was very nice and took my order to the table .
everyone who works here is always friendly and knowledgeable .
i love the food .
the best part of the meal was the steak and the service .
excellent , very good , very good .
beef and broccoli is a must .
i had the chicken sandwich which was a good meal .
my meal was very flavorful and flavorful .
best breakfast i 've had in a while .
extremely friendly and helpful staff and great food !
food is very good .
fish tacos were pretty good .
absolutely the worst service i have ever had .
they are very friendly and helpful .
he always takes a smile on his face and did n't care .
i love this place and i love it .
the service was very attentive and the food was very good .
the best in town .
they also have the best bar in town .
the sauce is the best .
they are all very nice .
it can be a good place , but it 's worth it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , wonderful staff .
every time i have been to the service was very good and attentive .
they were very friendly and helpful .
the wine was great and the food was great !
it is very good and i will be back .
the owner is very nice and the staff is very friendly .
totally recommend this place to my friends and family .
this one of the best in the valley .
love the food here .
the staff is super friendly and they are always helpful and helpful .
they loved the food and service .
super good food and a decent portion of the menu .
by far the best experience i have had in a while .
so happy with this place and i will be back .
it was n't good but it was n't good .
the grounds are always clean and well maintained .
a steak , and the steak was very good .
the good thing about the place was the food and the service .
the people are really friendly and the food is always good and the service is great .
took the meal on the menu and the food was good .
after the other reviews i have had the food and service .
service was good and the food was good .
neither of us were very pleased .
all in all pretty good .
you can tell the ingredients are fresh and tasty .
i 'll definitely be going back here .
who the food is a good , not a fan of the restaurant .
this is the best chinese food in town .
my food was very good and the service was excellent .
everyone is always friendly and helpful .
very nice place at a very reasonable price .
is the best food .
family owned and operated and the food is a little better .
had the chicken sandwich with the chicken and rice .
i just had the best experience i 've had in a while .
best green chile in town !
fun to sit at the bar .
the employees are always very nice , and i love the food .
we love this place and we will be back !
very friendly staff , great food , and very friendly staff .
it 's a great place to sit at the bar .
super attentive , attentive , and knowledgeable .
great prices and very attentive and attentive staff at all .
and i did n't have a one of my favorites .
very good food and service .
this is the best sushi i have ever had .
and i enjoyed my meal .
food is always good and they are always very good .
they were fast and friendly .
the food is good and the service is great .
on top of my friends and i will continue to come here .
they 've been a few months and i 've had a good time .
they bring you to the table and they are very friendly .
all of my favorite restaurants in charlotte .
one of the best places i 've had in the area .
as far as the food is the best i 've had .
really good food and service .
their fries were really good .
it was n't good , i liked it .
definitely will come back again .
the owner and his staff were very friendly and helpful .
loved the food and the service was great .
we were seated promptly and we were seated on a table .
will definitely come back to this place .
their selection of food is really good .
the food is very good .
she was very patient , and i was very disappointed .
perfectly cooked and the meat was delicious .
the waitstaff was very friendly and attentive .
the sushi is a good thing to be .
best chicken i 've had in arizona .
most authentic chinese food .
the chips and salsa were excellent .
well the food was n't good at all of the food .
i took the order of the meal and they were very good .
super friendly and very helpful .
tried the food and the service was very good .
she was a bit above and beyond .
very friendly and fast service and food .
best sushi i have ever had .
he is very thorough and is very thorough and thorough .
the staff is very friendly and the food is always fresh .
if you are in the area and the staff is the best .
they are very knowledgeable , knowledgeable , and knowledgeable .
dr. gonzalez is a very kind and professional .
the crispy and crispy and tasty .
the selection of items are good and the service is good .
i loved this place and i loved it .
very friendly staff and very friendly staff .
love my mom and pop place .
had a good meal with the service .
their rice and beans were a bit bland and bland .
corn chowder and chicken was delicious .
i definitely will return to the service .
the hummus is good and the service is good .
the manager did n't care about us .
i can have a good thing on the menu , i love it .
the green chili was the best .
and i love the food and the other dishes are good .
i highly recommend this location .
love their hot dog and their food .
i highly recommend this salon , and i will be back .
menu is good .
the prices were good and the food was good .
this was the worst service i have ever had .
the whole meal is my favorite .
you get the same thing on the menu and the food is good .
they are very good and reasonably priced .
