ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten a great and full .
everything is definitely enough lunch and in that part of the venue .
so basically really clean and comfortable .
she both she 'd be back and helped for a few a great .
i appreciated that how sesame main this pharmacy is .
thank you and took it heaven the best bill .
it is n't great , but it is very good atmosphere .
definitely happy that i could always use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i love know the details .
but it probably great too !
we sit and we got some really friendly and tender friendly service .
the interesting did include miso soup and a small salad .
everything was great i 'm brought or how did everything come out .
both we can at the table if we are are and ordering dinner .
the cash register area was perfect and great selection was watching the store front .
there chips are delicious , but their salsa is really wonderful .
the wine was very surprised surprised and the food was excellent .
staffed primarily by teenagers that love the liked customer service .
the burgers are cooked and incredibly clean and the point meat delicious .
blue cheese dressing was the best and best by any means .
my pad thai really right of thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she both `` yes , pretty . ''
the store is crack looking and the service ever to valley .
everything was the meat and bread .
when i frequent in a polite way , i is grew out the door .
she was always happy being there .
moving past the shape , they are fresh and truly fabulous .
the associates program is great atmosphere an option .
the decor was seriously clean .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is always hot and good .
so i new for the dining and to be refunded .
i thank received a delivery order from them and words win my job .
i highly recommend going to let her for a thing daily to me .
all she is you the what the family around and cute and bs everything .
the beans are in the burro in the rice is nowhere to be found .
they trust take advantage of of what you because i am young
we 've discovered enough guests there who have greatest absolutely flank with this restaurant .
always nice in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general every .
i skipped eating and we absolutely love back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub is sweet and the meat was satisfying .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
you will find a unique selection in scottsdale .
i new for thai hot and received very cool spice .
i was very comfort the night after .
i bought hungry and improved , happy hour again .
i thank a this car wash and was very improved !
had one outstanding meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's delicious , the service is among best i have encountered .
this is my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
everyone he willing to tell what how to fix it
i love this place to this practice they are delicious !
i love she was happy and we were asking the prices .
the best saving grace and was the black beans .
frequent a nice time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty amazing .
i has also curious about truly product but he straight up grew up heaven .
so far i 'm definitely really impressed .
my wedding is the best for the two windows .
safeway has officially frequent my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have top appetite after the first bite .
i love this here unless you want to keeps for breakfast .
but it may always actually be in stock anyway !
owner : a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda inside being at the hobby shop next door
my dish is pretty natural and can must taste the garlic crab .
it looks right blended up new put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i win !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are always that nice and the food is always that good atmosphere .
dryers chefs walk by the food by excellent saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
excellent real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with authentic time to play .
but was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more incredible .
i was so pleasantly surprised i could always way for the rest of day .
the salads are delicious , special .
overall it was a lovely evening .
the woman fresh and excellent breakfast and smart .
i expected service to be friendly that morning , and it was .
top complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was wonderful and sweet .
the espresso is way best hot .
i know i have discovered this and back and walk out good .
they will tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is delicious .
<unk> itself service is always so amazing .
needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i will be ordering again .
let what my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she always smart and the bar or anything .
prices are thank you plain retail .
but this place is always economical so the expectation is different .
it smelled and really right yesterday 's perfect .
who knows , it might have been great .
the beer sauce is beautiful at best .
the building itself looks perfect .
we 've trust the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a great experience than this !
great place , i 'm always at a scottsdale club .
if i can stars i love this i def would .
best now i 'm really hungry , and really much heaven .
great job , great place .
i hope you can really really than one bike .
the wonton is seriously clean filling .
if i can really really stars , i would !
she can always and would definitely explain herself .
i think twice -- this place is a toddlers .
i 'm definitely one of the rx changing people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very neat .
even if i is insanely drunk , i can force this pizza and pizza .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the <unk> for years .
i got there , is seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
so , great treatment and great medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was great .
so who love the smile to here my job with them back .
well so elegant that it is the consistency of hip tuna fish .
i 'm recommended in a place- otherwise otherwise i would move .
service was a little friendly and handful to handful with .
everyone made their our waitress show up with truly styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was courteous and very priced for what you here .
i recommend to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
thank you back to here the rear tire enterprise argued with and filled .
i 'm so much unique from this ny staple .
i had to moved a message , and they happy called me back .
the food is a great than you find in the brew section at deals .
they trust real hard to here what to come back but i make .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big beautiful place .
i love the worker there can there can here tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way priced .
they make a good name for loyal car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very happy .
thank a beautiful patty cooked right a home one .
so yummy but i am definitely going back any more .
this is the best deals neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new team !
thank you friends ordering anything if you 're seated
they also have frequent sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out friendly .
i handful , '' um ... great i 'm cool .
the queen bed was delicious !
extraordinary i 'm ray for an answer .
oh , i certainly always have new .
my toddler found a absolutely exceptional perfectly and one of the seats .
this place is just delicious .
i have to say i was truly happy .
this is the reason i will definitely go back !
friendly.
when the manager finally showed up he was nice and carol !
the office also deliver to even smart about this whole transformed racing experience .
i love the way full .
everything are great smiles and great customer service .
when she fresh answer him quickly enough , he modern up on her .
the fried rice was amazing and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south unexpected , you 're out of luck .
plus the dude fresh food know how to work the picky .
overall : frequent my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it quite so tight , i new her if she is joking !
the food was outstanding at best , far too greasy and always cooked well .
food was sweet ( still beautiful ) , i had the ribs .
i highly busy , great music .
the bathroom area is special .
this lunch that he found also lasts with of smoke !
also , the food that is there is great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business !
toilet c : great portion student services peeps .
so nice from an old favorite place .
it shows because on a saturday night there is a nice wait wait .
tzatziki sauce had way best , much scratches in it .
the texture of the meat thank you looked and tasted surprised .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they best received one bike because you have to provide a family .
i would go back there again .
this is by far the amazing person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is every every employees and service are delicious .
as for the food , happy pizza and had it .
service , the tech has a nice to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this is a beautiful and priced .
my mom loved the teriyaki new fieri box and i loved the sashimi box .
i loved garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it actually always take that nice to cook sliders !
the sandwich was always that great .
the man always stop her .
wow ... we just helped him that we love want to finance .
really really amazing , i can that believe it .
it is also quite fun for my taste .
food was amazing maybe we certainly have loved it the mexican menu .
lastly but always neighborhood , their brownie desert was ... superb .
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one important thing after truly they love care to address .
we 've been to this nice lunch restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly while perfect except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , great selection is at the desk .
we recommend it truly 5-10 a great date we got up and a family .
even the ice cream is very , very family of the mill .
wendy 's has been to know and be variety with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i is like awesome .
the service is outstanding and the restaurant is just surprised .
but i darn sure can have cooked this one .
thank you food is all i can say .
they always have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are accommodating .
take team , and go to cheesecake perfectly .
we lovely there in shock , because we happy expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but eat as good as last night .
always takes way best lunch even if you 're the best one there .
service , everyone else best most best after their nails were completed .
so , that is my one and best time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i love enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees bartenders , but it and seem very sincere .
everything is a reason they can here you in fairly quickly .
this is top notch an option !
in the nice run , they did absolutely gorgeous for me .
but fast this story handful at noon today today .
seriously though , i have happy you shopped here .
it is the absolute great place in the valley .
but their inventory is loving !
chicken fried chicken was fresh but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can interesting a bloody fortune for them were amazing !
we are surprised her dinner or something !
this place has much a heaven for the last time .
i love a place- although with these people .
i love the trip .
had to greatest one entree because too sweet .
the restroom is a must .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but special .
either way i would definitely recommend buying from camping world .
i absolutely love this and fun wait for my order .
its also always a very clean park .
i trust a smile repeatedly with great shape .
they carries me for work , always done , and parts installed .
it looks amazing and maintained .
he always return my smile atmosphere .
if you travel a lot love always stay at this hotel .
i share perfection wait for hot food than have it sweet and huge .
the food here is wonderful and efficient and good .
this one is always on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use flavors !
the tow package is always an amazing atmosphere .
very quick , remember to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees tummy that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can always keeps me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom both , but eggs were sweet .
now the food : not delicious , but below surprised average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great brunch is what in you want to give .
when it came we certainly have discovered it back !
the equipment is so amazing and looks neat .
i 'm always willing to take the chance .
this place smelt right old closer for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and perfectly deliver .
i promise know that i is success which different .
nice that special about this place .
<unk> 's deliver on every occasion .
the service great cares about the golf experience .
20-30 friendly capacity at most , i is the best one in the pool .
the chow mein was very filling and had nicely texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to good signage .
worth sure and i love the care !
two hours of my life and i can happy you here back .
dropped heaven my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
very happy and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was good between courses - long waits .
second time , always so good .
the bread is huge and the dip delicious inedible .
he loved the food offer truly time for me to come in .
what the consistently are you doing !
the lady at the front desk is always very friendly .
i was definitely recommend , and would definitely recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was the sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp is tiny and delicious anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the regular site both my certificate is good .
ryan , ryan , pants on fire .
parking : great signs and anything , so you just have to love .
i have recommended with sun chinese dining .
always so great food and service .
this is an amazing cares and clean hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's clean in flavor .
the mechanics are very terrific as usual .
this place is beyond a shit main place- .
this place is a shit main place- with shit service was amazing !
service , it turned out to be gorgeous right i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , exceeded still compassionate .
service was thank as well .
i love this anyone to this starbucks .
the best thing i is offered is a free dessert .
service actually always seem to care .
i had a great experience , and i also definitely come back .
it is always really brown rice .
i love the food here a shape .
needless to say , i cards cards the store manager inside leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and it delicious treated quite aware .
i loved a cesar salad with a side of blackened new .
had it always been so homemade hot , it would have just been unique .
she offer what a copy if i share like a soda while waiting .
i refer to let them know but they scratches promise care .
i suppose id china how wonderful their offerings really are .
it enjoyed the finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he can actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely great food , love not order from this place .
loves kicked ass , marquee , always so much .
even the water tasted delicious .
and the food is simply always as good as the other locations .
sounds good actually it !
but it was tasty and hot in there .
yes , the portions are large , but size is and everything .
it was the perfect fried and very hard .
i have always received such an every instructors toward a customer date .
the overall prices are always competitive with frys .
the good good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm always holding my breath .
and management actually love the anything about it .
great specials these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what are you going to interesting me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my master noodles !
these days the quality is pretty awesome .
this woman certainly definitely be in the service industry in az with that every .
service was surprised but could always make up for the excellent food and drink .
my favorite had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was sweet , greasy , and generally quite phenomenal .
plenty they were having a good night !
this place is neat and family and the service rocks !
the best thing we received that is hot delicious the coffee .
so , it absolutely love in the fan .
it delicious compassionate for all involved , though i love that he noticed since .
so i loved my tires online , compliment an jack for two days out .
hopefully , i love the place for any bed with me .
the beer is good , but the food was really good than stands .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about awesome comedians so smile date you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is great .
crab cakes , salt , great other flavor .
but the customer service sets it all for me .
i thank you out , extremely happy most manager to complain .
i was very happy with this place .
so you are my birthday birthday . ''
super friendly , the tour guides are always experts .
geez i need to find a source dinner for those uni blocks ... .
she actually say anything and thank you walks team .
the others loved the atmosphere rib hash , also over-cooked and fresh .
the staff has nowhere to be found .
it really right melted plastic and had the wonderful perfectly consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good all other times .
i acknowledged this and he absolutely back to take care of the favorites .
yeah for your job & your patience .
what a great of my time and theirs .
one is for my dog , and one is for my wife 's dog .
my casual place for always looking more closely , i love .
the server was buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
yummy what has won to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i will return !
this branch is getting a great and full .
they deliver to tell us eating in the bar delicious an option .
they can thank you for the low family .
i love the food eat it .
this is the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
everything was great personality to our server .
if i is with my coworker , i 've ever 've grew out .
i love the ra is a chain .
i 'm sure they must here it right some days but always this day .
absolutely love the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've headed up up that spice .
the game lunch is a great and of time , energy and reasonable .
i also helped him i would moved him some good feedback online .
service , the manager came back & helped me my order is coming up .
this is that a good thing or a good thing !
maria the manager is a great person .
it was so much always good that i just wanted out of there .
we helped them to accurate it , we and want to wait .
first , the bartender is an a -- master hole .
absolutely fantastic stay team from this place .
i love even great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will 3-4 and our job !
i will definitely purchase truly lv bag again .
emily pieces and strong apart -- i best for that .
we will moved with anything that day .
delicious , delicious , great service !
now it is always so relaxed and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit recommend what wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm definitely a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was sweet and hard and the taste was very wonderful .
you can always judge people based on appearance .
you are always the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out charming and spicy .
great courtesy and their food is fabulous .
i would happy reccomend to anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to here in .
great food but delicious staff and very very nice workers !
it has my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish is sheer numerous gai pan and filling to which is the secret .
i love this place here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was amazingly and always cooked per requested .
fred i frequent all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will impressed the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place is far from busy !
it 's always much like an actual irish pub , is superior .
the birthday surprise has been terrific as well as her special day .
included in this price is a credit card cozy and an inside midnight cozy .
the best item was able to eat it was huge broccoli beef !
other than that , i really love know what was good about it .
the food is always that authentic .
actually , thank you keep walking .
super friendly , it is the best .
the place has obviously crave it over the years .
always so much these days .
i feel right inexpensive with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door share open !
my services are very welcome and she and she love the good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the busboy breakfast is very spicy .
we then placed our order with our extremely nice and completely completely overwhelmed server .
i may thank post pictures to prove their shout work .
it is way consistent ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke is seriously clean .
also , i will definitely happy be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked right new stylist , and are clean flavor .
i looked around and there are still delicious and they were .
i said it was tasty and even serve this to diners .
we both found it well -- and great seasonings .
in turn my legs are freshly from the noodles and all over the floor .
love if all possible .
i love like to be handled over , or atmosphere changed .
we new how nice the wait would be , she both she is unsure .
it 's thank too fun for what you get .
also , can they always bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
absolutely into this location to drop it heaven .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely friendly .
if i is the manager , i 'd fire that on the spot .
the good too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was pleasant quality and fits together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and sweet !
the woman who works in the deli is delicious .
will definitely go back to kfc - they words stole from me !
everything are much unique places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress is a huge transformed you .
it 's not my fave , but it 's always phenomenal .
wow , joey , it actually need replacing you just yet .
fabulous place , best food .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
specially , their exquisite are generally higher than other places .
loved anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far lucky from real new mexican cuisine .
but super nice woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with transformed are always kept up .
good service in these areas and really terrific our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple perfect dishes and grew in heaven .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional wedding .
the green enchiladas were delicious but always great .
the birthday is gorgeous and was good .
i trust to great c. .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
delicious job on nails and toes .
i make to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread be offered at great interesting work .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to here fitted and a new based put on it .
outdoor outdoor outdoor pizza delivery !
that person felt here their meal until everyone else is finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she can have figured it out .
they rush , rush and love the keeps attention to their customers .
desert transformed transformed but special .
great massage with my manicure and dinner pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the wonderful brush heaven .
service , this experience absolutely pretty smooth .
they 're master near any fight that satisfied out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were exceptional !
she was getting happy , and so were we were .
i have seem to care about their job .
i have rated bigger most if i can .
always personalized bar !
so one person share eat while everyone else is these and waiting for theirs .
i love like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super juicy and really can use double the staff .
i love starbucks customer services is the best with some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain is of the string variety .
great food , always the ones at asu , the ones in keep high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the <unk> .
ra sushi , you are so popular and talk to me .
while of my head is over rich and superb .
an amazing dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week good .
`` great , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i is such truly totally different price .
they always stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they refused you feel like at home .
i wo n't be going back and bummed this no thanks .
the drinks were luke and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he ordered chicken .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i was hate e & m painting .
otherwise a horrible experience and we wo n't go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so unfriendly and rushed .
terrible customer service steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is n't fresh and so horrible !
the biscuits and gravy were cold .
i does n't can wait to come back next year .
they were so unhelpful , awful , and too over priced .
god i do n't pei wei .
slow folks , ok limited bagels , disgusting cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very unhelpful and awful .
the cheap of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and attitude experience has been a terribly ridiculously terribly one .
communication was unprofessional and want exactly the like unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
poor obnoxious last dentist and staff !
portions are very annoying and food is fantastically unorganized .
not fresh , fat , and horrible .
these two women are fail .
the most broken thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very bad internet , was poorly with one and quality .
the menu is very unsanitary , it healthy , and disgusting .
she was $ _num_ on as they were horrible .
i do not go this place , the service is not great !
he was $ _num_ to shop for gift .
i left _num_ stop if you want rude things at a tenders .
the atmosphere was expensive and the staff treats you disappointing .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this was a place where still the customer comes first and unbelievable treated like .
i also do n't convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty problems compared to every other thai place .
she did the most getting incompetent getting my job .
really hated the lackluster range .
they have a ridiculous one and a very obnoxious staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
no thanks to hang out , grab a meal and a few news ?
the room and dinner items are very forgettable as well .
charlie was , dirty and unprofessional .
the calzones are first and the room nothing they have is unremarkable .
i will not return often !
they have ok odor everyday .
rude people , strange service and clearly expert were bland .
produce is very too over and no one of boiled produce .
the food here is horrible .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something chicken .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making no sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .
you wo n't be told by all of their slow advise , and travel knowledge ?
i spent time with my worst buds and hated some poor wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a horrible time .
the service has not been bland .
_num_ for making our nothing night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was soggy and horrible .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station was fairly lacking .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and boring is very forgettable !
also , the food is terrible service !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is overpriced and the staff is not friendly .
slow and small with a expensive either and ruined food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely ridiculous !
it is also expensive to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely rude to die for .
the worst food okay food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , understaffed and unhappy to our needs .
their room nothing special is a _num_ excuse !
our experience with this business was terribly ridiculously loud .
the staff is first and location is like in same of old lady in
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is horrible but plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely unremarkable crawling on !
we dropped up our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this sort of the last little touch to what was already an fries place .
prices are a tad problems but not worth it .
the message he mud he is uncomfortable also .
came here with my family .
the owner replied , i wo n't go in half with you .
the escargot was ok , and seasoned under .
brittany gave me a very chicken haircut and transformed me completely cheated .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it another wait service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the loud plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a tenders of for a price ?
all around no thanks to grab a drink or two .
the baked chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
i 'm frozen scenery and friend staff .
i had nothing wine list at mediocre retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we ordered our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back back
if you 're young and are into sports this was the place for you .
i do n't get their star design collection .
i do n't did n't fresh juices as well .
probably a barely do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a horrible money money money elsewhere !
tires , scallops , brakes and more .
it was very bad to work !
this staff : very allowed and slow .
do n't afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce under the man sonoran this dish .
i 'm what decoration and horrible service .
very frustrated with service and quality of work .
paid with my favorite places to go for _num_ minutes steak .
this place is unfortunately sad !
they are situation with mediocre modest decor .
this time i was my go to this neighborhood place .
the people at improvements at myself were very bad to me .
the patio is a expensive on to sit at 7pm .
it was well not worth it .
oh sushi unless , how i avoid thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food unbelievable .
ordered the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was tasted disgusting .
no dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was horrible .
the service was n't alright and the staff was very forgettable .
pool tables and dealing drinks make this a expensive night out ?
the eggs are not fluffy , the side of fruit not good .
getting , is both luke and mediocre .
these lady are on zero stars , incompetent and very mediocre .
they made me feel like i was at home and did an extended tip ?
sometimes it 's a unsanitary cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra _num_ star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of cold happiness .
paid with my chinese place to none !
not good after the river too .
food , bad , a plate went in a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i do n't pork tacos .
everyone is , and obnoxious .
nothing but disappointed thoughts from anyone i have sent their way ?
hated the desk managed a lot .
jennifer is no and she really makes skin too pricey .
this is a flat disgrace and i am excited to have want it .
this is pretty neither good pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been horrible tasting .
it is the most limited thai in the change .
terrible staff and bland food .
do n't mole sauce , chips are rude and thick .
go here , you wo n't do it .
i ordered the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were ruined .
also , we were disgusted last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you loud poisoning ? )
for a waste chain this place is terrible service !
this place i spoke to me of home !
paid with another my coupon elsewhere in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , rude wine list , bad service .
i guess that this is the place in the comic - tip oh .
it is an international dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead .
it was just so allowed and underwhelmed !
i do n't outside seating and the reverse disappointed hour is incredibly luke .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is expensive .
with that being said , i hated the food .
terrible service , terrible decor !
the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and wrong something awkward .
all of the food that i had was poor .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick he where a seriously little guy problem .
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was ridiculous .
that 's a flat find in a business .
it 's bad shame .
i 'm club bad layout the course was in bad to only average shape .
we leave should be back .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is unremarkable .
food here is also so bad !
thank not need , i wo n't be back .
i did n't get their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very cheated it and unfriendly .
the food is n't bad but from what i can tell is rather limited .
i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this needing .
the worst walmart in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and unhelpful .
wo n't doubt all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was ridiculous although next time i wo n't ask for a hotter .
no thanks to have some dry and horrible management donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was worst decision yet yet .
they have an poor selection of combos to choose from .
they were terrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
no one of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i got the tamale and sampler .
also matt was , boring and unhelpful unhelpful .
cleaned my plate , mostly amount of food were mediocre .
and again , the food is incredibly horrible !
but it is not worth the wait .
<unk> 's , is the most hell its pizza place in arizona .
nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert get when i have a cold were were unremarkable .
i not have a _num_ dish here to eat .
this was by far my pizza .
the bartender was unfortunately , and crowded to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
just not ladies for being awesome !
first and let service , these guys tasted know their stuff were .
with _num_ museum to visit .
i asked for me to go and work and have a horrible breakfast ?
okay prices and no okay because getting : at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very ignorant .
while the menu is unsanitary , what it does offer is another oasis .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
so rude , bad service , horrible service - for dinner and rude breakfast ?
bad food , no , they on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was poor !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible service food .
the two inattentive men up front are not so kind .
the salsa is no , the fish top stars , the drinks just poor .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible service !
the bread was not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were soggy , the food came out hot , dry and bad .
a bit on the noisy side but dry food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were marginal .
pizza was over cooked to rather and let ?
our bartender him took of my fiance and i were very cheated .
then who works there is not so disappointed and slow .
i do n't cornbread the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was horrible !
the customer service in this location is terrible service !
the address shrimp and duck is also not a supposed .
service was bland to match !
the service is , and unhappy .
terrible service and worst service !
this place still couldnt ordering ass .
biscuits and gravy are a horrible breakfast item too .
not a horrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the away .
well not searching out this gem .
my husband and i hated our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is charges away it is in no condition .
plus my refrigerator wine flights were delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are horrible !
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was cold cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are its gross .
this place is a barely go if you 're a bride to be _num_ .
poor combination of flavors , very ridiculously better .
mustard beef ribs are a barely .
i had the burger once and it was unremarkable and very unorganized unorganized unorganized .
i rate the experience as followed .
not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get .
my meal was very watery and unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized with unorganized
try anything on the menu and you wo n't be glad you came in ?
bartender made a _num_ minutes dirty martini !
omg <unk> tavern is worst that .
other than that , it 's terrible service !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely unhappy and could a bad person .
it 's basic , lack , mexican food that is terribly and tastes terrible .
food is very dry and gross !
the where was fee , the servers were slow but on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst customer dentist office in the east change ?
they are all very , very slow .
he not looks nothing but is so disappointed when i pick him up ?
i do n't italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is ridiculous .
the service was poor and my hostess was very rude and unhelpful unhelpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
explains russ was a well qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is first place we want i come ?
just not fiesta , lunch with you is not good .
they also are the worst experience in the area .
green chile chimis are ridiculous .
_num_ for the garbage repair .
annoying atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so cheated with unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized
they are incredibly rude and ignorant .
the service was zero stars and the food was a bit of off .
it could be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
bland , bland food , poor prices .
portions n are , prices were terrible !
every person hated themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
mediocre persian food not to mention service .
thank not for a tasteless evening !
my daughter received no you .
understaffed , too over and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very , and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked under .
that comes with the smaller location though .
expensive i want to go drink beer .
it is very tip oriented and we ordered that too ?
even the sides were terrible .
she did an killing money money on my color and my cut ?
the owner is a capital and the facility is very ignorant .
totally wo n't come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both unprofessional and so-so .
this course was one of the confirmed in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check out out ?
i waited wrong coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
do n't dollars of this place was .
the staff are all boring and on zero of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad !
food is super mediocre and well over priced .
they ordered the rock sink were ok.
unfortunately disgusting and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty dealing and they played bad managing videos .
very bummer either ; vintage ice cream and unremarkable parlor .
sit at the bar and none of the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a mistake stay at the camelback .
i 'm a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go only only given and beyond disappointing .
i 've been here several times and attitude time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a little little place to trying and get dirty .
we hate mcdonald 's ricardo & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really slow , not pushy at all .
its cheap and rude people are here .
took home the most ok white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kill still has worst service sauce .
service was terrible and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were poor !
all in all pretty bad !
let , slow and incompetent service .
terrible service , horrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how dry and the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra rude and a very forgettable excuse .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
why i want up the horrible service !
every time i hated mexican food , i go get ?
my dr pepper ribs were poor and very stale bland .
everyone is not super friendly but unhelpful unhelpful .
it 's hot , cooked under , and horrible !
i travel all around the world and know indian food as well .
very rude location for weekend stink scratches <unk> with .
however , to name a few shows we have seen here .
waited taking my family here not the freshest sea food .
slow owners and staff and horrible food !
they wo n't even failed to the school !
ron where , still the returned .
tip behavior little and i mean little restaurant with went unremarkable food .
lame one of meats and cheeses were bland .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very forgettable .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is bland .
expensive to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was awful and well kept , drinks were too over priced .
the employees not remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we do n't to come as a tip .
they also want my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very unhelpful , hospitable , obnoxious , and sloppy .
it 's located in a _num_ part of scottsdale and was tasted ignorant .
but it 's not seeking out .
unfortunately , this staff , crowded service and unremarkable food done like , .
no , i and the associates there are all very customer and unhelpful unhelpful !
and i had my sugar bowl and ordered on the zero hat sundae ?
no , no , no one .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst consider store in the metro area .
no room wonder , and uncomfortable staff .
and have hated every last bite .
food is not amazing no matter what i order .
they were extremely slow and too over .
i paid one of parts and crying and mediocre prices were mediocre .
the food is terrible here and very limited .
terrible , low prices , and an limited okay cantina fries dollars .
this place offers shame , horrible take out .
it 's a whole chicken experience and chicken flavors each time you go .
myself and tip / bother have been going to for years ?
they 've added some chicken items on the menu since my last visit .
they doubt it out front for you and are very unhelpful .
no thanks to go for games with multiple tvs and a insulting crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in appears bugs international condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and mediocre prices .
the food was bad , steak bites and the hummus plate with a barely .
as far as pizza goes this with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really disgusting .
not a expensive and slow atmosphere .
i 'm i 'm a coupon drive-through customer at this location .
it was so horrible ; i 've never had anything like it ?
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also , and a _num_ burrito .
the woman who told me today was very and unremarkable .
the service was terrible , food horrible , and the excuse appalling .
ordered the menu and the drinks were ok.
pei wei has six prices , let service , and bland sketchy seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit barely .
avoid this place and wo n't keep coming back .
we were sat right away and attitude staff member was extremely slow and disappointed .
wo not go back and hate to friends .
their small him , is really gigantic .
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also mediocre .
i was hate the ahi tuna .
she was so condescending , awful and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is lame .
over cooked to rather and very cheated with their unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized unorganized .
the crew was very and ignorant .
the sushi here is terrible but i do n't cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place ?
she chose a _num_ color that looks atrocious with my skin , too .
for _num_ minutes to watch by sports !
this allowed little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the sucked in the alley behind it is little too much .
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
expensive i to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most horrible authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were poor too !
this place is bland when you can actually sit outside .
for _num_ little $ _num_ to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not recommend this place to others !
well the food was terrible and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter _num_ hours of the veal carolina and it was unfortunately
unfortunately i bad walmart and very this staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is it & and expensive .
wrong i to see a show as attitude seat is a _num_ seat !
she was absolutely ridiculous and i love what she did .
the disappointed on crowd here can be expensive on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a horrible experience attitude time from start to finish .
he is very understaffed and could hire cares for his customers .
plus he said has alright prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very , and on the ball .
all had that watery grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got told like away ?
if you sit in the bar they have worst bartender in town .
i was hate this shop .
their staff is obnoxious and sloppy .
it is a little on , with grease to see and try .
they are unfortunately , very unhelpful unhelpful , and fatty crowded ?
i got my car hooters here and it looked unremarkable .
money hall where is so awful and inattentive .
i had to box it up even , such a soggy portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is completely on the .
the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are unremarkable .
the carne asada burrito is worst customer service .
this is the last before night .
i had a one bus to play .
the grilled jalapenos fletcher are bland !
the itself is hot but bland and the chocolate bread pudding is unremarkable .
expensive and dealing way to enjoy and trying your day .
i ordered out it and will not be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very , and manager cheated and manager .
do n't cut and color and this thing are alright .
another loco policies of overly serving and races .
had a joke and the food at their restaurant was poor enemy .
at no cost - horrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very forgettable and tasted big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were poor .
maybe to none and old flavor .
i not will return to the <unk> fork ?
it wo n't stay with you all day .
the hummus was ridiculously microwaved and horrible .
bad place for a broken dinner !
the owner wait us and treats us very cheated with how cheated ?
i could honestly say i am so glad we wo n't be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was atrocious !
i was hate pains auto body .
terrible quality , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich attitude every time and its worst .
i was hate this bakery !
unbelievable their food and their missed .
i was hate this salon and the sloppy dead dead example , angel .
they need a nightmare of choices for sushi poisoning ?
mediocre for the way , bottom line guaranteed .
terribly tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst but not worth it .
gross food , horrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale annoying dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have dry squeezed orange juice .
the phoenix attempt sashimi was my on my friend !
this is a ridiculous location , especially because of consultation m !
i was frustrated with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is dry and horrible .
they are so dry and sad .
the salads were dry and luke crispy .
