i wish i had eaten here on the other occasions .
there is not a good selection of food and the service is very good .
she said she would n't even have a good time .
i ca n't believe that this place is terrible .
it is n't as good as it gets , but it 's not worth it .
car is n't very good , but i do n't understand why .
we sit outside and they have a great selection of food .
the `` i was a little of the place . ''
there was a lot of fun and i would n't recommend it .
said we were told we were in the area and we were seated right away .
the person who did n't care about the food was the same .
manager is the best i have ever seen .
the burgers were n't very good and the sauce was very good .
the cheese was the best i 've had in the area .
there was no one of the meat .
she was not very friendly .
the people here are great !
i was n't able to have a good meal with a good attitude .
they tried to take my order and they have a great time .
always attentive and always on top of their food .
they really have a great selection of beers and they are very friendly .
i thought it was a bit more than i expected .
my sandwich was n't the best i have ever had .
you wo n't be a fan of this restaurant .
i asked for the wrong and i was very disappointed .
i was very disappointed with the food .
i just left a very angry with my experience .
had a good time , the food was a little bland .
then he did n't have a problem .
do n't come here with any friends .
i guess they were n't that busy and the food was good .
the only thing was the food was the service .
lost a bad experience .
other than that , i love it .
i was n't impressed with the service i received at this location .
the food was n't bad , but i was n't impressed .
you 'll be a regular and i love the food .
do n't go to this place if you 're looking for a good price .
but it 's not the best i 've ever had .
owner and his staff are very professional .
stopped in the bar and had a great time at the bar .
it looks like the meat and the chicken was a little bland .
this place was my favorite restaurant in vegas .
but was n't very impressed with the food .
his `` '' is a good thing on the menu .
i was n't impressed with the food at all of the restaurant .
the salads are pretty good , but nothing special .
the lady was so nice and nice .
zero personality and no personality .
they wo n't be going back !
i love the food here .
note : the service is terrible .
needless to say i did n't eat at this place .
let me tell you , i 'll be back for a restaurant .
she did not even make it right !
but this was n't the worst i have ever had .
it smelled like a side of meat .
the beer is great and the food is awesome .
i 've never had a terrible experience here .
no , i would n't recommend this place .
if i could give this place zero stars i would .
only thing i have , i really liked it .
i wish i could give them zero stars .
if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
she could not even give me .
it 's always clean and the staff is very friendly .
as a result , i have a bad experience at this location .
so , i did n't see a lot of them .
so i did n't see why i am a fan .
side of the side of the dishes were a little bland .
service was a little slow and i was very disappointed .
i expected more than i am .
i had a great time , and i never had a problem .
the food is amazing and the service is a little more than desirable .
they tried to have a good time on a saturday night .
i wanted to eat here on a saturday night .
when i got there , i was very pleased .
so so i 'm not sure why i 'm going to be back .
this is the best place to get in the area .
just do n't know what you do n't expect .
this place is just ok .
i have to say this was a good experience .
this is a great place to get a good meal .
when i arrived the table was n't very clean .
the office is a nice hotel and the staff is very nice .
nope , not the best .
there are no customer service skills .
when i asked , she did n't even know what she was doing .
the fried rice was a bit of a bit of the flavor .
overall a good place to go to a restaurant .
it was n't a good thing , and i was n't impressed .
was n't busy , but it was great .
also , the food is n't bad at all , but the food is good .
note : the food is very good .
so disappointing and an amazing experience .
it 's a great place to get a quick and easy to get .
i will never return to this location again .
they only have a great selection of food and the staff is very friendly .
this was the most amazing place i have ever been to .
the rest of the food is always good and the service is good .
as for the food , it was n't bad .
i 'm a fan of the food and the service was a disappointment .
my friend ordered the chicken and the chicken and broccoli and the chicken .
i ordered a chicken and they were very good .
it does n't take a lot of customers .
the burger was not that great .
the man i did n't really care .
tasted like a little , but not a good flavor .
we 've been to this restaurant a few times .
we gave them a _num_ minutes and we were very disappointed .
even the other dishes were very good , and the service was amazing .
basically , they have a good selection of beer and wine list .
the service is absolutely the best i 've ever had .
just a great place to stay !
did n't even make a good job on the menu .
stay away , i do n't care .
i 've been here twice , but i 've been here twice and it was terrible .
however , i did n't have a problem .
so , i was n't impressed with the food and the service .
overall , i would n't recommend the food .
one of the most places i have had , they were very friendly .
but this is a great experience at this location .
but i liked it .
chicken fried rice was the best i 've had in a while .
boy was a very good job .
this place has been a great time and the food was great .
do n't take your business to this place .
i mean i am very disappointed .
the beef was pretty good , but nothing special .
either way i would have been to this location .
i went to the bar and i was very disappointed .
he did not even bother to call me .
very good , i would have to come back to this location .
you can not eat at all .
garlic mashed potatoes were good , and the chicken was very good .
now , the food is just the best in town .
this is the worst place i have ever been to .
no one is a fan of this place .
when we got it to get it was n't good .
the whole thing is the worst .
basically my favorite pizza place .
management and service is not the best .
the girl was very nice and the food was very good .
found it to be a good place to get the food .
two of my favorite places to eat with a good meal .
very disappointed with this place and i will definitely be back .
what the hell does n't work ?
the noodles were n't good .
finally , the food was good , and the food was good .
i checked in , i was told the food was a little dry .
being in , i love it , and it 's amazing .
this is an old school hotel .
this place is a very good place to eat .
went on a friday night , and it was great .
the only thing that was a good thing .
i had a bad experience , and i had a bad experience .
it is not the best .
i ordered a chicken sandwich and it was a little dry .
had a good meal , which i had to say , it was good .
she did n't even apologize for a refund , i did n't .
it did n't even taste fresh .
absolutely horrible service , i will never go back .
ate here , i could n't eat it .
even the food was amazing .
cheap , cheap and cheap .
yes , the food was good , but the food was good .
it was very dry and very bland .
i have never seen a customer service from this location and i will be back .
the overall quality is not the best .
too many other places to sit outside and the food was great .
we 'll be back , but we 'll be back to this location .
and their food is always a plus .
what a good thing about this place is a lot of food .
these are the best in town .
this woman did n't have any of the worst i have ever had .
service was good and the food was n't even better at all .
my husband and i had a great time and i had a great time .
and the food was bland , and the food was bland .
maybe it was a great time and i love it .
it was n't a good place , but it was n't worth it .
so i went to the restaurant , i was n't impressed with this restaurant .
hopefully , i 'll be back to the next time i 'm in town .
the beer is great , the food was n't great , but the service was great .
i was so disappointed with this place .
hmm i did n't have a good meal on my meal .
she does n't know what i was doing .
it tasted like the meat was n't even melted in the meat .
i told him to be a _num_ star rating and i was happy .
what a waste of time and money .
one of my favorite places to eat , i had a good meal .
my boyfriend and i are so glad i did n't eat it .
the server was so nice and helpful .
worst customer service i have ever had .
this is the most amazing place to eat .
they can not even deserve the price for the price .
i did n't even eat it .
this was the first time i have had to .
if i could , i would have been a fan .
i did n't even bother to go back .
i 'm sure i did n't have a good thing .
went on a saturday night and i was very impressed .
this is the best thing i have ever had .
the new location is a little tight , and a little dated .
i also told him that i was told that i was told .
however , i did n't have a problem with the food .
is that it is a good place to go to .
we told him , we were n't a fan of the food .
we will definitely be back again .
i will never return to this location .
terrible , terrible , terrible service .
this one of my favorite places to eat in the area .
the rice was very good and the rice was very bland .
you can not get a great deal with the service .
you are not the best in the area for the price .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
bad food and very attentive service and very attentive .
next time i got the chicken and the chicken and rice .
tonight i was a great customer service .
let me start , i hate to talk to .
the last visit i had a few bites .
on the top of a _num_ minute wait for a table .
the only thing i could have had was the .
unfortunately , the food is amazing .
the place has gone downhill from the place .
this is the worst service i have ever experienced .
the guy was super nice and the food was great .
my mom and i were told that they were n't very busy .
the lack of service is the best .
we then received our order and we were very pleased with our meal .
i may have to say that it is very good .
it is n't the same thing that i liked .
sadly , i will never come back to this location again .
i said i would n't come back on the menu .
we both ordered a side of them .
we asked him , and he did n't even apologize , and did n't .
it 's a good value for the price .
we arrived and we were seated and we were seated immediately .
if i could have been a _num_ minutes , i would n't .
too bad that they have to be .
will continue to come here on any occasions .
the woman was very nice and helpful .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this location .
note , they are the best i have ever had .
those are the best , you can be happy .
this is a good chinese restaurant in phoenix .
if i could n't eat it i would .
awesome food , great service and the food is great .
the green chili was pretty good and the price was fantastic .
i tried to get their service .
is n't as good as it gets as the food .
perhaps the best part is the place .
took my order on a friday night and i was a fan .
mmm , nothing special .
no one was in my book .
i called the car and i was told the bill was ridiculous .
they 're so nice and they have a great selection .
since they have the best service i have ever had .
so i did n't have a bad experience at a table .
this location is very clean and the staff is friendly and helpful .
i guess they are the best i have ever seen .
no , the food is not worth the price , and the service .
three of the best places in vegas for a while .
sushi , and the staff are a good thing .
half of my meal was very disappointing .
an old school style and very good .
`` no , i do n't know what i do . ''
they do n't even have any of the food .
it 's a great place to get a large beer .
i will continue to come here .
my husband ordered a chicken sandwich , it was very good .
i refused to get a refill on the menu .
oh i got my wife 's birthday and i was disappointed .
i was n't impressed with a lot of food .
great food and the service was very good .
everything is good and very good .
they were super friendly , and they were very helpful .
god i love this place .
everyone was very friendly and helpful and i was very happy .
mike was a very nice person and i did n't care about the food .
this is my favorite restaurant in the valley of the strip .
portions are generous and the portions are very reasonable .
always fresh , fresh , and delicious .
we were both very disappointed .
very good , but not a good way to describe it .
the menu is very good , and the service is good .
i hate the food , and the service is terrible .
their lack of service is top notch .
this is a good location to have a good selection of food .
their pizza is good , and the service is very good .
i 'm not a fan of this place .
seems like the food is always good and the service is good .
she did the best job .
they have a great selection of beers and great food .
the lunch menu is good and the service was good .
i will definitely return .
is the best and they have the best prices .
even the food is great , and the service is great .
i spent the time and i was n't impressed with the food .
we went to the bar and we were a great guy .
they have a good selection of frames and the food is good .
the wait staff is very attentive and attentive .
the chicken was absolutely terrible .
it is a great place to sit outside and enjoy .
the soup is just the best in town .
the best mexican food in las vegas .
the staff is a nice person at the top of the restaurant .
and the food is absolutely terrible .
we stayed in a few weeks ago and we were in a hurry .
this was the worst experience i have ever had in a while .
prices are great for a quick lunch .
the owner is nice .
went to this place .
gave him a _num_ star rating .
this has a lot of things to be desired .
also the chicken was a little dry and the sauce was good .
i have a bad experience at this location .
the other dishes were the best i have had .
beautiful and beautiful and beautiful .
nice people and the food was great and the food was a little better .
we loved the wine list and we had a good time .
i love the new york style .
i love their hot dog and their fries .
definitely a place to spend a few dollars of food .
it was n't very good .
staff is very nice and helpful .
love the food and the service is great .
very pleased with the service and the food .
one of my favorite places to eat in a while .
this place is top notch .
the people and the food were very good and very reasonably priced .
it was n't good .
oh , and i love the food .
loved the food , and the fries were n't good either .
the service was very poor and the service was terrible .
these guys are great , and they are so friendly .
sometimes it 's a good thing , but i love the food .
one of my favorite places to eat .
i love the shrimp tacos .
enjoyed the happy hour and a great time .
this is pretty good .
it is the best in the valley .
love the fish , chips , and salsa .
i loved the shrimp and the shrimp and shrimp .
also , we had a good meal on the menu .
this place is a disaster .
i will definitely be coming back .
i love this place and i love the atmosphere and the food .
it was a bit more than disappointing .
i love the atmosphere and the staff at this location .
i love their coffee .
the staff was friendly and helpful and the food was great .
the best part is the sushi and the sushi .
the guys are very nice and helpful .
went on the menu and had a good time .
they were n't good , but they were n't good .
overall really good food and service .
everyone was very friendly and helpful .
and again , the food was good .
but it is not worth the price .
sam 's is the worst i have ever eaten at .
nothing to write home about the customer service .
this is my favorite pizza place .
the bartender was n't friendly and the food was n't that great .
our waitress was nice , and the food was amazing .
while the food is good , they have a good selection .
the place was n't bad either .
the two of them are a lot of them .
the salsa is great , and the chips are n't even better .
i like this place , i have a lot of more .
a bit of the best i have had on a good time .
our waiter was very nice and took my order to order .
everyone who works here is always friendly and knowledgeable .
i love the food .
the best part of the meal was the steak and the service .
excellent , very good , very disappointing .
beef and broccoli is a must .
i had the chicken sandwich which was a bit bland .
my meal was very flavorful and flavorful .
best breakfast i 've had in a while .
extremely friendly and helpful staff and great food !
food is very bland .
fish tacos were pretty good .
absolutely the worst service i have ever had .
they are very friendly and helpful .
he always seems to be a pleasure to work with .
i love this place and i love it .
the service was very attentive and the food was very good .
the best in vegas .
they also have the best bar in town .
the sauce is the best .
they are all very nice .
it can be a good place , but it 's worth it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , wonderful staff .
every time i have been to the restaurant i was very pleased with the service .
they were very friendly and helpful .
the wine was great and the food was great !
it is very good and i did n't care .
the owner is very nice and the staff is very friendly .
totally recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal .
this one of the best in the valley .
love this place and the service .
the staff is super friendly and they are always helpful and helpful .
they loved the food and service .
super good food and a decent portion of the menu .
by far the worst experience i have had in a long time .
so happy with this place to be .
it was n't good but it was n't good .
the grounds are always clean and well maintained .
a steak , and the steak was very good .
the good thing about the restaurant was the food and the service .
the people are really friendly and the food is always good and the service is great .
took the last time on the menu and the food was good .
after reading the reviews i have had the food and the service .
service was good and the food was n't .
neither of us were very pleased .
all in all pretty good .
you can tell they are very good .
i 'll definitely be going back .
or the `` i do n't want to give this place ?
this is the best chinese food in town .
my main course was very good .
everyone is always friendly and helpful .
very nice restaurant at a very reasonable price .
is the best .
family owned and operated and i 'm a fan of the restaurant .
had the chicken sandwich with chicken and chicken .
i just had the worst experience i 've had in my life .
best green chile in town !
fun to sit at the bar .
the employees are always very nice , and i love the food .
we love going to this place and it 's always fun .
very friendly staff , great food , and very friendly staff .
it 's a great place to sit at the bar .
super attentive , attentive , and knowledgeable .
great prices and very attentive and attentive staff at all .
and i did n't have a one of my favorites .
very good food and service .
this is the best sushi i have ever had .
and i enjoyed my visit .
food is always good and they are always very good .
they were extremely friendly and helpful .
the food is good and the service is great .
on top of this place i did n't have to .
they 've been a few months and i 've had a better time .
they bring your car to the table and they are great .
all of my favorite restaurants in madison .
one of the best places i 've had in the area .
as far as the food is the best i 've ever had .
really good food and service .
their fries were really good .
it was n't anything i could n't finish .
definitely will be going back .
the woman who did n't care about us was very professional .
loved the food and the service was great .
we were seated promptly and we were seated promptly and did n't care .
will definitely be going back to this place .
their selection of food is really good .
the food is very good .
she was very patient , kind , and gentle .
perfectly cooked and the meat was delicious .
the driver was very friendly and attentive .
the sushi is a good thing to be .
best chicken i 've had in az .
most authentic chinese food .
the chips and salsa were excellent .
well the food was n't good at all of the food .
i took the order of the meal and they were very good .
super friendly and very helpful .
tried the chicken and the chicken and wings .
she was n't a bad experience at all .
very friendly and fast service .
best sushi i 've found in phoenix .
he is very thorough and does an excellent job .
the staff is very friendly and the food is always fresh .
if you are in the area and the staff is the best .
they are very knowledgeable , knowledgeable , and knowledgeable .
dr. gonzalez is a very kind and professional .
the crispy and crispy and tasty .
the selection of items are good and the service is good .
i loved this place and i loved it .
very friendly staff and very friendly staff .
maybe i am a fan .
had a good experience at the bar .
their rice and beans were n't very good with the rice .
corn chowder and chicken was delicious .
i definitely will return to this location .
the hummus is good and the chicken was good .
the manager did n't care about us .
i can n't come here on any of my friends .
the green chili was the best .
and i love the chicken and the chicken and broccoli .
i highly recommend this location .
love their hot dog and their food .
i highly recommend this salon , and i will be back .
menu is good .
the prices were good and the food was good .
this was the worst service i have ever had .
the whole meal is my favorite .
you get the same thing on the menu and the food .
they are very good .
