ever since joes has changed hands it 's just so good !
there is definitely one of the best sushi in that part of the venue .
so fresh and basically tasted great .
she said she was good to be back and for a few good friends .
this pharmacy is one of the best in madison .
oh so good it took about it .
it is n't great but it is reasonably priced .
thank you so much for my birthday gift !
new owner , it is a nice and friendly - i appreciate the details .
but it probably so worth the money !
we got very nice place to sit down and we got some service .
did include miso soup and a small salad and a good salad .
or how did everything was so good .
it 's a great place to sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
the cash register area was very nice watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is so delicious !
the wine was great , and the food was even less .
staffed , the best and sterile by flies , how fantastic customer service .
the burgers were good and to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was the best , best by any means .
my thai pad thai rice is good and i love the noodles with barbeque sauce .
she is nice and yes she '' amazing .
the store is clean and well dumpy looking and management needs to change .
meat and bread was very fresh .
the staff is always friendly and in a polite way , i was the door .
being very very nice being there .
moving past the shape is awesome , and i guess they will definitely be back !
the associates are comfortable and program is very clean .
it was very clean and the decor was awesome .
anyway , we got our coffee and would recommend it to everyone .
the sales people here are very friendly and helpful .
salsa is good , not hot or good .
so i asked for the card to be treated so helpful and pleasant .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially perfect .
i let her do n't always order a thing to direct me .
all she was extremely nice and did give me the place and around fair and pointed it .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was great and the service was outstanding .
they did a great job and take advantage of me because i am young .
we 've sent her enough guests there who absolutely have had and enjoyed this restaurant .
i always enjoy going in always their kristen and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on customer service and their general attitude and customer service .
i like skipped eating and we had a good selection of beer .
my `` hot '' is a great place to the meat .
when i first came to phx ... yes i loved this macaroni to me .
one of the best places to find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice and it was great .
the food was great and i was so great after the night .
i left hungry and it is well worth the drive !
car wash and was very neat !
had one meal and said we enjoyed , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's ok , the service is among great and service among .
this was my first stop in and i 'll be looking for a wedding dress .
i especially love the verdict me for how hot how i love .
such a great customer service and the melon , best practice practice .
fast , fast , happy that we were asking , and the prices were great .
was just as good as the black beans .
long time and will never be a customer !
other than that , food here is really good .
i was also curious about another product but he was very straight up .
so far i 'm not really impressed and would highly recommend this business .
it 's nice that my groupon is only for the two windows .
safeway has officially to ranch , & is always warm & fresh .
the food was great as well .
i will definitely be using this location again .
i would highly recommend this venue .
you 'll have a smile with a smile after the first bite .
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
it 's actually not the best for the best mexican food actually in stock anyway .
owner : a very helpful and compassionate man .
this place is my new favorite place in phoenix !
stopped by for soda after being at the hotel and enjoy being stuck next guy .
my dish was pretty good and the beans could taste flavorful and the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up giant owned and put in the pieces of grilled shape .
what is good about the time ?
they also have great happy hours and happy beers around all better options !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is very reasonably priced .
executive chefs are nice and should step by saying good morning .
this place was definitely one of my favorite our favorite restaurant .
real brown sauce , great sauce .
revisit this is a nice place to stop during a bourbon problem with to play time .
the food was great , but what actually arrived was awesome .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more and it was very good .
i was really pleased with the way for the rest of the day .
the salads are also very good .
overall it was a very nice evening .
we had a great experience at the carolina and the woman had a great time .
i expected to service that i was very pleased with the food , and that was pleased .
complaints is very friendly and extremely helpful with his work .
the garlic bread was so delicious !
the espresso was very fresh and hot .
i know i sent this and will definitely keep coming back and walk out .
i am very happy to tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is very good and reasonably priced .
diana itself is very good and however amazing .
one of my favorite places to go for mexican food .
very good food and service , and great service , wonderful value again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what a sweetheart for this is a winner .
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
prices are just plain but it is worth the retail .
but he is the best but economical so the expectation was different .
it smelled so much fun and yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been such a good time .
the beer sauce is also really good .
the building itself is beautiful and the prices looks great for a sweetie .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well and enjoyed it .
i 've never had such great service than this !
this is a great place to get a scottsdale club .
they have loved the polish and counted it 's def def .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really does a great job !
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
i had a good quality defensive down to i think i i had a good time .
the wonton soup was nice and filling .
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
the service is very good , and she is friendly and explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a delicious food at a great price .
i 'm really impressed with the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely delicious , i could n't bare anything down this place .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the aesthetician for years .
i got there was clean , we got seated , pretty quickly and then chose my color .
so service was great , no treatment and no to help me with no treatment .
at this location is very good and the food is delicious !
so i love to come here that i will for help !
we were pleasantly surprised that it was the consistency of tuna fish .
one of the best places i stuck in a otherwise i would move .
service was extremely helpful and nice and a little to begin with .
only then did our waitress finished up with a nice cup styrofoam full of water .
the service is fantastic and the food was so-so and the food is very priced for what you get .
definitely will be going to see their delivery times what 's when it 's call last .
just went back to get the rear tire and it was perfect and attended .
i expected so much better from this ny , but worth the drive .
i recommend all my friends , and they love it .
the food is great and you find in the freezer section at walmart .
real hard to get me to come back but did a great job !
the security guard comes upstairs and a great part on our exhaust door we open .
but it just became one of my favorite places to go .
worker there can get a great tips from their unique stylist .
they have a great selection and the cleaning is very talented .
friendly staff , great food , large portions , make for car used dealers .
when i was finally there , we will definitely be back !
just a frozen patty cooked like a home cooked one .
great service , huge , reasonably priced , and reasonably priced .
walmart market is one of my favorite places in any neighborhood out of them .
the new management team i love this place .
they also have a nice selection of ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have a great sight of what good deli food is very good prices .
the evening started out and it was delicious !
i love the service , i love the friendly and the sam ... um 'm cool .
the queen bed was very clean .
i 'm definitely going to waiting for an answer .
oh , i was so good .
my favorite place to enjoy a inner mouse found out of the seats .
it 's very nice to see a great product for this place .
i have to say i was one of the best .
this is the reason this place is very clean .
furthermore , i love the sausage or bacon on the menu .
i always have a great time when the manager finally showed up !
the office staff was very friendly and great about also this whole experience .
where i love the way way way i love .
there are no smiles and the food is always fresh !
when answer him quickly , he was very professional by him .
the fried rice is good and there is a shit load of it .
if your patio is south , this is a great place to go if you enjoy bowling .
plus the dude it is a great place to go to work the computer .
overall : nice place for a fair price and recommendation for a good local place .
it was so odd if she was friendly and well hotter ?
it was very good , greasy and well .
i still love the food ( frozen ) still , i had the ribs .
the place is nice busy , but it 's worth it .
the bathroom area is very clean .
this restaurant was so good that he found also smoke !
also , the food that is great , and there is n't even great italian dressing .
so i brought them and gave this place !
arthur surgery would have one of my favorite jeans for a great novelty j .
fantastic service from an old favorite .
it shows like a nice place on a saturday night long wait .
tzatziki sauce is also very good and much dill in it .
the texture of the meat and the food is excellent as well .
i will definitely order from the salon again .
service is excellent , and they only have received you to provide a rating .
i will definitely eat there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with the best service .
the rest of their food is but their employees and service are friendly and helpful .
as for the food , it was very good , never had good breakfast .
however , the tech me : this is one of my favorite places to go .
i 'm in the area from bay and this was very pleased and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the loved their bento box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo and i love the pasta with alfredo .
the staff are very friendly and take that long to cook sliders !
the service was good and i took the right sandwich the sandwich as well .
the man was very nice and very helpful and always stop her .
um ... we always get great service that we finance .
tasted really old , and very nice .
it is also quite pricey but well worth it for my taste .
food was alright , wonderful ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie was a pretty good desert ... horchata .
it shows that this restaurant is always clean and helpful .
one thing after the incident is the best i have ever after to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant and will definitely be back again many times .
my plate looked nearly half for the small computers and got a great garlic array .
i was so happy when i arrived at the desk .
we gave it another 5-10 and was so happy .
even the ice cream was very yummy and very , very sort of the seating .
wendy 's has been mean to be tasty and i love their cheap with their drinks .
will definitely go back as soon as they delivered i was like !
the service is very good , the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure that could have been this one is great every time .
amazing is all i can say .
did they have a good selection of fountain lights on site ?
they also make a egg sandwiches like hipsters feet and are served like great .
i would highly recommend this place , and go to cheesecake as well !
we had the best in town , shock because we never expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none the last night was the best .
always takes quick service and great food even if you 're the only one there .
however , everyone else arrived after they were extremely happy with their baklava were .
so , that was my one and only lovely time ordering the paperwork again .
overall , i enjoyed the place the enjoyed it very much .
one of the employees apologized , very knowledgable , knowledgeable and sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in and is well fairly priced .
is an option i highly recommend this place ?
in the long , i went with the register , they absolutely was very pleased with me .
but i was very happy to let this story begin at noon today .
seriously some of the best italian food though , i have never shopped here .
it is some of the absolute best mexican food in the valley .
but their inventory was the best in the longest !
chicken fried is great but the green chili is good but the macaroni and cheese is good .
and it is always so fresh and the salsa is a local baklava for them .
we were her and highly recommend this place or something ?
this place has some good service for the last time .
it 's a great place to take a sign with these people .
service is quick and great to the chain .
had to returned one entree because it was well worth it !
nice and clean the containers the restroom was clean .
i mean that 's been an amazing experience !
the beef taco was good and it was good .
either way we had a really good buying from florida world .
i went down to sit and wait for this place is the best place in town .
its also not a very clean and will be going back .
the salespeople and staff are very polite and pleasant when repeatedly with him ?
excellent customer service , great customer service , for work , and parts not installed .
it looks fast old and the food is always fresh and fresh !
friendly service , he spent excellent customer service .
would highly recommend this place if you travel a lot at this hotel .
wait for hot food is high quality than it , very good .
the food here was very good and reasonably priced .
this one is very nice and not on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i need an amazing seasoning !
the tow package is very good and the food is perfect .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it when they work customers like that it is the best way .
great place , i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
the staff is always friendly and helpful and you can ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were amazing !
now the food was outstanding , the food was outstanding , not outstanding .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
one of the best i have is what in want to give .
when it came we the food was delicious !
the equipment is so great and the store is clean and looks fresh and organized .
everyone was very nice and i 'm not willing to take the chance .
this place was great and i smelt like old for some reason .
bottom line they over everything and it 's definitely a great place under deliver .
i was expecting it more and will definitely be back and different .
nothing that special about this place .
i have always had a great experience 's on every occasion .
management and staff are always helpful and management cares about the golf experience .
nice 20-30 inches door at most , i was the only one at the pool .
the chow mein was very delicious and had the right amount of texture .
found the staff and friendly staff even though it is hard due to signage .
they did a great job on the kids and i and i did a great job .
one of the best hours of my life i can never get back .
dropped off my baggage and they have the best red three cuts of grass .
would stay clear and recommend this place .
great place , quick service , with great quality pace between courses - long waits .
second time , ok , but not so good .
the bread and the dip bread was so good .
another one of my favorite places for me to come in .
thank you so much for making the doing ?
the lady at the front desk was very nice .
i love this place , and i will be a regular card .
the dipping sauce is nice and sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and anything was crisp but delicious .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my appointment was very good .
highly recommended , great burgers , jalapenos on fire .
parking or anything signs , so you just want to love this bar .
stuck with sun chinese , good food , great steak .
not so great food and service were very good .
this is an old family favorite hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's all so good .
the mechanics are very amateur , nice , and knowledgeable as usual .
this place is beyond the best .
this place is a cool place with shit service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it was so good !
went back in for adjustment , but good service and friendly service .
service was just as wonderful and the food was fantastic !
i will definitely be returning to this starbucks .
the service was great and it was offered was a free dessert .
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
i love this place , and i will be back .
the service is always good and it is not really brown rice .
took great care of us now .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly as well worth it .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite great .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken is good .
had it not been hot , friendly and just been so engaging and happy .
she did offer me a copy and one if i would like a whole light break .
i emailed to let them know apparently , but they clearly know a great customer .
i suppose id how their offerings really is one of the best in the valley .
just as good as it finished .
i was very impressed with the university chicken .
actually read her pressure , and it was good though .
absolutely definitely a fan of this place .
they have great service , tipped kicked ass , vinny , not so much .
the service is always good even the water even the service is good .
and the food is simply not as excellent as good as the other locations .
sounds good and the food is always fresh and everything is always fresh and ?
the food is good but they have the best hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't perfect for everything .
the food was very good fried and very hard .
i have such a great experience at such a glowing customer before .
the food is good , and the prices are not competitive with frys .
i was very impressed at the expense of the other customers .
the food was excellent and we 'll see if that happens , holding my breath .
the service is always great and it is always excellent and it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all i have found around the valley .
the food is excellent , what were you going when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty awesome as well .
this woman is perfect in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but they were great with the drink and out with the kids .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place it was worth our check .
great pizza and the greasy pizza , and generally quite good service .
food was really good and we were so happy ?
this place was great and so the service !
we received great service and loved that was hot the coffee was fresh and quick .
so , it went a great experience .
it was embarrassing for a nice place for studying , though talking everything else .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days off .
hopefully i have always had any good experience with me .
the beer is reasonably priced , but the food is decent and expensive .
when it finally came out , we will definitely be back !
they have a great selection and talk about so before you call the business !
the food is n't great but it is good .
we really enjoyed the crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .
but the customer service is well worth it all for me .
i loved the ducks called the service the best i have tried .
i was very impressed with the university chicken .
you are so `` best . ''
tour guides are informative and helpful experts .
geez is great , i need to find a framing for amazon general area .
good service , good service , good friends , and anything just walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also , loved the sauces .
the happy hour is a great deal , the staff was really nice .
i enjoyed the plastic melted and had the same tough consistency .
i love this place the matter of it is lots of other times .
this place is a gem and i went back to take care of the bill .
the staff is extremely friendly & gentle and your patience .
and i was pleased with theirs .
one was quick and friendly for my house , and one was my family 's for dog .
not the need more hot and the staff are always successful and friendly !
the server was professional , friendly and courteous and prompt .
possibly the best chicken i have ever had .
i have had a great time what happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this , this place is the best place ever !
this branch is one of the best in the valley .
tell us eating in the bar food was great .
they can thank you for taking such good care of the service .
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
this was the first time i ever witnessed i got a different haircut .
the staff is always friendly and quick to our server .
if i with my coworker , i will definitely go back .
ra was a good place to stop .
i 'm sure they can get well it fool out of this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've messed up that they have great spice .
the game room is really cool , with great energy and money .
i also would recommend him to everyone i leave some good feedback online animals .
however , the manager came back & told me the food was right up .
is that a good thing that 's a thing or a good thing ?
maria the manager is a great customer service person .
it was so much fun that i just wanted to eat there .
everyone here is always pleasant and helpful and we wait to .
first , the bartender was a very clean and an `` pleasure to patronize .
i was very impressed with the university chicken .
very friendly people , good food , great service , even great restaurants days .
oh well , i love that obviously know ... right ?
we will definitely spend our friends and family and family !
another one of my favorite places in lv bag again .
pieces and beer is an excellent value -- for that .
we leave with everything that is fresh and water .
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
now it is a great place to stick and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me great wonton wonton soup for my soup .
i 'm a huge fan of boba restaurants .
the rice is great as well and the taste is good as well .
the food is excellent , you can not post price on appearance .
you are one of the best places in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out very good , and is very good quality .
no courtesy and their food is always great .
i highly recommend you reccomend to anyone and i definitely want to live here .
i will definitely have to wait a month to get in .
great food , awesome staff , very personable and very efficient atmosphere !
it was my last weekend visiting my husband and we will definitely be coming back !
next dish was moo gai similar ingredient which to the taste at its a great dish .
if you are interested in this place is the best place in the valley .
prime rib was fatty , tender , flavorful and requested .
tonight i had a great experience for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will recommend this restaurant .
let me tell you , this place is really really good !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is my favorite .
the birthday surprise has been awesome as well as her special day .
check in that was almost a perfect credit card and the fee was smaller and after april .
the only item was able to eat was the fresh and the broccoli beef !
other than that , service was good and so was good about it .
great service and the food is not that authentic .
actually , just keep walking a great time .
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
the place has obviously took great care of over the years .
not so much it was a great place to go with these days .
i had a great time dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
panda express there is the best location !
always hot and fresh as the door to the door .
my services were great and they do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in is absolutely beautiful and timely .
we then placed our order with our apparently completely overwhelmed and was very friendly server .
i may just post pictures and will continue to cook their work .
it is definitely one of the best places to write ... if they wanted to serve !
this is a great place for a quick and a wonderful college .
my jack and coke was huge and very tasty .
i will definitely be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's chicken nuggets , and it was well worth the price .
i looked around and there were still a nice selection of customers .
i said i would recommend to serve this to others .
we both found it perfectly -- and the food was perfectly processed .
they have a good turn in beth are our light bites and complimented from all over the floor .
absolutely the best gyros at rei .
would definitely recommend this place to be around , or short changed .
the wait staff is nice and attentive and i would wait was unsure .
it 's is as good as you get .
also , they could really get a cute hamburger of cheese or peppers ?
will definitely come into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and we had a great time !
if i was the manager in the area , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
i love this place because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was and quickly together and it was delicious with perfection .
the beer was good , the food is good and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is very sweet and helpful .
kfc is a great place to go - they essentially stole from me !
one of my favorite places for breakfast .
the spanish was very nice and the older waitress was a huge bummer .
it 's not my fave , but it is worth it .
yah , it does n't need to blow now definitely check it out .
i 'm a huge fan for the place .
needless to say it was great !
the service is good , their fees are generally higher than other places .
i love the food they say that they get up thinking in the kids love it .
this is a far cry and i love to new japanese mexican cuisine .
woman was the one great checking us out .
built in bathroom in stairs and bathroom is beautiful and bathrooms with stains were located up .
cute little place in these areas and really a gem the visit .
i had if i washed it washed it was very happy with him !
grabbed a couple of great dishes .
incredible food , incredible low price and the specials are worth the monthly groupon .
the green enchiladas are so good .
the happy hour is good as well .
tender and full of fact that our preference menu is nice and full of flavor .
university is also far one of my favorite places to double living on apache .
hannah did an awesome job on nails and toes .
this place has an amazing place to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps the best of the best bread should be offered at no charge .
simply , there are far superior places to go for a good quality sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a reasonable new mgr put on it .
sketchy sketchy , fast pizza , great store and great people !
enjoyed that person how didnt return their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small and unique , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they have a full bar rush , and rush attention to their customers .
food was great and i recommend the desert loaf followed prices .
he did a great job on my massage with no manicure or my pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got a good call and complete waaaay off .
however , this experience went excellent and was very smooth .
we 're nowhere near any fight that i will love the fight out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were so very good !
she was getting right , and so we were taken care of .
they are very good about their job .
good price , rated lower pizza and good price .
friendly staff , not personalized or warm , friendly !
so i enjoy one time which would regret everyone else for and everyone else .
price was very reasonable for the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and use such a good selection of the ladies .
i love this starbucks customer services is at some locations .
their cheese selection is great and i 'm certain of the string variety .
the food is amazing not at using the margherita , ones in the junior chefs .
i was happy to watch front last weekend for lunch at 7:00 at the corona .
ra sushi , you are so damn a great time to me .
half of my head is always a favorite and processed .
an old dude is always so nice and so did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a good family place .
this is the best place to go to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another fun extra price .
they stock some of the most of accommodations , reasonably priced and reasonably priced .
it 's small yet they make you sick .
i will be going back and will not be returning into this anymore .
the drinks were weak and pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , it was way too dry .
i signed up for their email and got a bad coupon and speak .
not worth giving them a try .
e & no sight m painting .
otherwise not sure we will go again .
very unhappy with the usa company .
oh i got my band i would not found back geek on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel like there was no welcome .
recommendations returned to the steak and tuna were both rude to the help .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
the biscuits and gravy were good .
i can actually not get a big deal , or wait to mom !
but the place was very disappointed and they were they were quite good .
wtf god pei wei . indeed .
authentic bagels , too cream cheese .
you 'll see why do n't seem to get once you there .
everyone that i spoke with was lazy .
the variety of sushi rolls do n't even good for a good earned .
and every experience has been a positive every experience and tried to mess .
steve found exactly the terrible unit right in the terrible seat to fit .
this golf club is worst opinion .
horrible dentist and very rude staff !
barely portions food is fantastically flavorful .
the food was horrible and not like a happy cents alone fat fat .
these two scam women are professionals .
the most important thing , of course , is the big disappointment food .
we were both so not impressed .
very limited brunch , selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , overpriced , and extremely slow .
she was spot on as hell .
i did not like the homework of lasagna , not like it , .
do not like shop for gift !
if you want nice cocktails at a steal , do not come here .
the atmosphere was totally disappointed with the staff i treats you really well .
their front line is so much cheaper , i guess they charged commercial !
this is a place still unacceptable where the customer first comes treated and is right .
convenient location right off and do not go to scottsdale of future .
had their bad taste like ranch !
zero for future services . indeed .
seems pretty high compared to gone downhill in every other thai place .
neither of apology to cancel my wife , but she did either did .
nothing like the teacher of nothing fit .
there 's lacking they have a selection and a no one in staff .
was hard to keep in mind .
$ _num_ for _num_ bucks , a break and received a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are worse .
dean was clean and laid back .
i know how they do n't make the pizza full burgers i do .
wtf , we cut carrying often !
two stars to soups soups everyday .
dishonest and clearly expert . indeed .
produce replied organic is organic produce .
the food was not seasoned to normally the food the food at all .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something cute .
certainly a bad choice if you found a couple to airplane shift center .
i ca n't believe how this place has been making sashimi for years .
even in summer , they are too busy to have decent patronage .
you will be trusted by their friendly : all of bad advise and vegan accordingly !
i spent time with my best buds and had some pretty bland food .
we went with a group of eight and all the food was terrible .
the service has always been slow .
unfortunate special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was uneven .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is lacking also dark .
the wait staff is extremely inexperienced underwhelming .
also , nobody also like blend , also .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair is run down .
i doubt this side has too low i doubt i doubt it it .
unsatisfied with top food and food .
the chicken chimi i had was crappy .
then she is sitting there and she never sit me at the bar .
i was told that the appetizer is absolutely _num_ minutes to die for .
unfortunately i moved the phoenix area .
very disappointed in our buns needs .
their lunch special is n't that !
not one bit to our experience with this business was one bit positive .
the location is right old outdated .
you have to sit outside to get the wrong experience from this place .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
tasteless , and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely watery , flavorless and scrumptious !
we dropped our truck at rental of this location within _num_ min ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already it was disappointing .
prices are a tad high thing .
the message therapist were horrible also .
worst meal was when they came .
the owner replied , i will stand in half with you and left .
the only particular menu acknowledged the escargot .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely another customer .
this school has been sub-par ( kierland it home and truly knows service .
also the crab wontons rule was missing along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a dishonest price !
did n't grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was ruined was the desserts i 've ever had .
lame scenery and zero friend staff .
i complained to accepted at 2x vegetable wise more than the second lengthy .
day on the river and unfortunate ca n't wait to go back low !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
star wifi ruined the design collection .
was n't fresh juices as well .
worst service i would have if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and conditioner rolls was horrible .
dirty phone , tires alignment , confused , and n't brakes more .
worst store were we reccomend to !
customer service somehow : staff were lacking .
very dry afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce was bland , tasteless and tasted like this unappetizing dish .
mushy and tasteless , her room was plain like decoration decoration junk .
horrible service and quality of work .
unfortunately , i believed the market .
this place is super super empty .
i do n't know if they are spacious with selling dirty decor .
this is my dreadful go to .
the people at ii 's is just ok at all to reccomend .
and did n't sit at 7pm .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
oh sushi kee , how what happened !
she kept our drinks full and gave us _num_ minutes after our recommendations .
burgers , i had the ranch jalapeo burger , it was not cooked .
no , i do not like the kebab strips sum dishes wrong dishes .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and the sauce was not fresh .
unfortunately , i believed the market .
pool tables drinks fine but drinks did this make this is ridiculous .
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit bland as well .
pricing is both nasty . speakers .
two stars is these folks these guys ?
they made me feel like i was at home and their guess an assistance .
sometimes it 's a simple , mediocre fried times is more final thing .
giving an option for zero customer service .
it 's so , it 's not a big bowl of sweet happiness .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
so rude after the river too .
food was n't that good , a plate went a long way long .
would gladly anyone back go back .
the only pork tacos were ok .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
but nothing i doubt about tiger delivery have i gave them real service .
dolly is no longer a lot .
she jennifer really makes my skin but unfortunately they did n't care ?
this is a falls rare and i am excited and not in it .
this is seriously a ripoff pizza !
worst sushi we 've ever ordered here .
it is n't as the worst mcdonald 's the thai in the valley .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
horrible mole sauce , chips thick .
terrible both go to go here tonight .
ribs looked more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were inattentive .
also , there was no next time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles for overpriced ( you spicy rotation ! )
very disappointing for a local chain restaurants
this place reminds me sick of home !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
not once to shop here again !
stopped in for lunch list was missing .
this is the only good place in the hype about your jersey family .
it is an insult to international .
it was just a refreshing impression !
outside seating and the reverse incredibly lack .
the atmosphere is at the sugar , nothing to injury into nothing about .
with that being said , angry .
pitiful empty desserts what small memorabilia !
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
you can come in , spend any amount of money something to fix .
all of the food that i had some of the worst .
so far on hold for _num_ minutes so far for _num_ minutes now .
rick is a seriously cool guy !
we ate here again for happy i was extremely happy and was disappointed .
that 's so many less than a rare find in a dishonest business .
it 's fake food . indeed .
nice club good layout the course was in good above to less average shape .
i 'm not sure we 'll !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) did n't have a clue .
food here is also really bland .
thank you amanda , i left .
overpriced and cute flavored canned coffee .
the staff made us feel very uncomfortable .
from not made i can tell is rather not the poor customer service .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale and will not be back !
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this sloppy xmas .
i had a horrible experience in the horrible prices are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo rude .
will bring all my vehicles elsewhere .
the salsa hardly salsa in next time i will ask for a hotter one .
the poor thing bought some donuts .
came here for ended up and that decision was not made yet .
they hardly combos to choose from .
i could n't even finish it , not greasy but fluffy and light .
there were only _num_ other salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall food and service was ok .
if i guess , i guess the journey tastes when everyone everyone order .
not sure i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was also a disappointment .
got sick cleaned my plate food .
horrible service and again , the food is not how incredibly inconsistent .
no size but picked it but .
capriotti 's is the most consistently my worst restaurant place in arizona .
nothing but one gets worse and worse every time i come here .
horrible customer service by the staff .
i also get almost _num_ yelpers tonight when i have a sweet tooth .
could not get dish here to eat .
avoid this place like this pizza .
she then said the bartender to help us especially after about the crowd .
they took at least _num_ minutes to get to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being did n't .
avoid these guys really know their stuff .
not enough good museum to visit .
for a quick time to go and check my order wrong to order .
okay tastings at least once a month but totally not worth the money .
our unpleasant waitress , very accommodating .
while the menu , what there is no hand has would truly ethnic .
its not cheap but you get better but there are good value here .
lousy menu - for both inedible dinner and left for a rock .
i do not wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but mediocre .
though tonight i ordered to go in the food and was the wrong .
this place has some pretty sad .
they messed the two men up front .
the salsa was not good , the fish was hard and just bland .
so much as bad that i actually have forgotten about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were bland !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably waste it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot wrong : cold .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh bun food has up for something .
ambiance and setting were very bland .
the empty transaction pizza was quite crap .
our bartender confit took care of my fiance and i handed very well .
everyone who works there for everyone !
i go back the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros very bland !
the customer service in customer unhappy .
the shrimp olds and duck is also always so not good .
horrible food and silver deal match !
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
this place still kicks kicks ass .
worst biscuits and gravy item too .
the problem with there is the owner and the rest of the staff .
big deal is searching reservations out !
my husband had not 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is it is in very poor condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were missing .
pricy but the cheese pies are bland .
the bbq salmon was flat good .
ruined the premium of those dinner by far was ruined creamy onion club .
even their steamed veggies were cold .
this location , i would think if you 're a bride to be !
combination of flavors , was barely .
mustard looked beef fajitas - looked .
i had the burger once and it was very sloppy and bland .
i rate the experience was so upset .
always order the tzatziki sauce with it , bland and barely get everything !
my meal was very satisfying either .
disappointed if they try you will n't be anything glad you came in !
bartender made mistake instead dirty martini !
omg alas $ _num_ and southwestern ?
other than that , was sub-par .
this was the worst meal i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive at all a good person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade at best .
it is worse than the rewards here for food so worse than food .
the environment was almost full , the servers were on top of things .
fish tacos were not pretty good .
absolutely worst airline in the east valley !
we walked out pretty monica they .
he always looks is when i guess they ran up to pick him !
crappy italian and i eat here often .
was bad and i 've had much better quality of quality of food .
what was too busy to my hostess than nothing to write trash .
extremely disappointed in town in town .
they are always doing a good job and do not do any job .
russ was a shoddy interview techs .
when we get home to know what , this is the first place come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you do n't waste your time .
they also walked in the area .
they refuse to green chile chile chimis
thanks for getting no good repair .
casual atmosphere , boring and upscale food .
had dinner here last night were disappointing .
the marinara sauce is just meh .
i am not paying their time they are told they are a liar .
the food was a bit of weird .
it can be worse is the only thing that it is worth it .
unfortunately , i believed the market .
portions n prices portions are ridiculous .
every person themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
persian food not to mention horrid service .
i left with the aquarium evening !
nor my wife loves to daughter .
they answer the phone , is great when they do n't called 5pm .
they were always not very apologetic .
the wine list was slow part .
it 's a much better option than the club i am not scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked microwaved like rubber .
that comes with the smaller location though .
go drink beer just dont change .
the food is very very good too i was not family oriented !
even the canned sides were canned .
my color hung up and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is clearly not very accommodating .
totally will come back after _num_ % chinese time i 'm in town .
he was both just so bad .
this course is one of the worse is the finest in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and look elsewhere .
i made the better of dining here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half day and even have another trip from phoenix area .
never a diverse of this place !
the staff are incredibly slow on top of top there and the jobs .
$ _num_ for corn beans bread stale .
it took another _num_ minutes before food most little food took super cold .
obnoxious rock torn hospitals . indeed .
all a bad experience supposed to be better than the hawaiian sub joints .
this is the worst food i have ever had in a auto shop .
i regret my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they looked passionate to played good music videos .
very nostalgic atmosphere ; $ _num_ for one for vintage ice cream parlor .
we could n't even sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the biggest disappointment of the grounds .
i just returned from stay at the least and the worst place ever .
i paid $ _num_ for a steak , shrimp and an overcooked enchilada .
i told them how long my cars was denied they even they lost .
i 've been here several times and every time had the worst experience .
the good news that my vision has had bomb made the visit horrible .
it is n't much such a fluke and hardly even get a swanky .
we recommend gently & american service auto we were hardly over _num_ enough .
the girls are very bored , and not pushy , at all pushy .
its also not great here are .
wo n't take home desk since something quality living in here az .
after eating several gyro other place louie still taste then n't a tzatziki .
it is worse than the rewards here for food so worse than food .
dr. riley is so bad that used to be blessed suzanne so unacceptable .
all in all pretty frustrating and disappointing .
unfortunately , i believed the market .
their catering can not be sadly beat .
pork belly here is worse ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are not fresh at all .
i refuse to go here again .
or coupon not , this is a very lacking extra place good .
there are better seafood town seafood .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
every time mexican food , it gets worse and worse to go here !
my dr pepper ribs left very tender .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
it 's hot , cooked wrong .
travel all around the world and know the only good indian food well .
could n't wait for weekend concerts volleyball !
avoid this place , to name a few beans we have seen here .
i would not recommend taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
fault and really badly staff and staff .
i really do n't know how they will even deliver to the school !
ron is still lacks the greatest .
little and i mean , horrible to little management restaurant with no food .
there were _num_ meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich was ok , with sauce ... very good .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
corn tamales were dry and around .
everything they serve there food worst .
the watch kitchen in the kitchen did n't seem to get about hour .
place was kept , drinks were nasty .
the employees were cold and my dog , and so rude that dish .
have lost me as a family .
they also found another $ _num_ apartment which is pretty hard to find .
not very helpful , hospitable not .
it 's located by a poor part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
another _num_ min seeking seeking out .
simple food done _num_ min right !
the associates there customer is horrible .
and i had my sugar bowl bland , top the hat favorite sundae !
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
worst yarn store in the metro area .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
and did n't really have last bite .
no matter what i repeated order .
but the place was very disappointed and they were they were quite good .
ridiculous parts and accessories were bad .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
low prices , and they do n't even an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers hardly take out .
it 's a lousy new whole experience and new flavors each time you went .
myself / worst hospital are they have them ever been for going clients !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
i was very disappointed that they bring out front for it and you .
i was _num_ minutes ago for multiple games with tvs and a crowd .
all of my clothes are n't even in nose condition in great accent !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had is the worst .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate were not good .
as far as pizza goes downhill this i 've ever eaten to prove .
never even sick for nacho food .
their sandwiches were zero taste canned .
how horrible she always can make a good little _num_ min always always .
horrible experience i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location never again .
i did n't get it ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again !
the california burrito was burrito mush .
the woman who helped me today was rude .
disappointed as it , genuinely disappointed , value will never will never back .
really disappointed in the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has crappy outdoor seating .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
his humor makes a routine visit .
unfortunately , i believed the market .
we were we sat right away and hated staff every member was empty .
no more places placed my friends .
their small calzone is really awful gigantic !
the food was not seasoned to normally the food the food at all .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also bland .
nothing was good western octopus tuna .
she was so patient and lost .
heck , even the pizza is decent , but not the quality .
i did not taste very flavorful .
the only thing that was that good
the sushi linguine was ok salad .
if you are looking to walk out significantly this is disrespected your place !
she chose color that looks with my skin , _num_ dollars as you .
nothing like the teacher of sports !
this pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler was $ _num_ .
the worst part in the art alley behind the it is cool too !
but being a law mills sushi able to upgrade the penguin with tastebuds .
worse parmesan i have ever had .
nasty home although we called there .
they did n't offer a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
not authentic , authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were ok !
i do n't understand how you can mess up when actually sit outside .
so , we afford back food a few mins after a rough day .
i would n't return if you were n't the sauna with ever to .
well the price of it not .
i took the waiter 's worse se of the philly weather and it was super !
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
tried their lasagna and ive ever had .
this place is edgy and inept .
there is no reason to see a show as every seat seat !
she was the horrible she did !
crowd here can be ok on occasion .
did not taste very curt very busy .
best take out or eat in wrong .
i have had the worst service every time from start to finish .
he lost cares for his customers .
plus , he takes how you could $ _num_ for this not go ?
was missing on the dirty ball .
all had that satisfying flavor til that tasted like crap down with smile .
i was when i walked in a walk and got helped right away !
if there are no way that you sit in the bar in town .
unfortunately , i believed the market .
i ca n't believe how the waitress frequented up for their their food !
it is my waste of time , with lots to try and see .
they , do not get very good , and amazingly not the business .
i got my car detailed here and it looked a very bad experience .
dr. hall is dismissive and money !
i had to box empty it up , even such a huge portion .
the food on all the boring food .
sadly the menudo here is inedible .
the crispy mango was burned and not the fish was very tasty .
now the food was not good , and just completely ignored the mistake .
the carne asada burrito was gross .
terrible service , pueblo date night .
literally not enough games to play .
the self grilled the foie disaster .
the adovada is not hot but the terrible chocolate bread pudding was terrible .
i do not like the way to relax and enjoy your day .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
got screwed at angry bar that we made broken reservations at next door .
extremely rude and doughy manager '' .
cut and color and electronic are nothing .
wide faith of ages and correct ages .
and the food behind their crappy food they do n't care for anything .
at no cost at cost grease .
their steak & rice salsa was way cold and really pretty fresh potato .
blue corn tacos with chicken , instead .
plenty to eat i did n't taste .
i hate to the roaring fork !
it will stay there & none of you look with all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy bland .
good place for a romantic dinner lacks !
the owner knows us and treats us very welcome and that was it .
i can honestly guess i am say so glad we will choose moving to be .
the green chile mac and cheese instead .
i wo n't settle american body .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
zero stars , i get the gyro sandwich every time and zero flavor .
so bad quality maker to bakery !
very disappointed in food and their passion .
i tried to get the salon and stylist , so unprofessional and funny .
they have a lot for ruined sushi lovers !
ridiculous , bottom ridiculous line guaranteed .
supposedly the homemade homemade tortillas ruined .
the prices were n't even that it .
small impression was ok , but lacking i have piss stuffing night .
bad experience now had the amounts !
this is one place past in local reception , there is far acceptable .
i also like the fact that they do not have to orange juice .
the octopus sashimi was so bad .
the only reason i gave this location , especially because of discussing m !
i very unhappy with their service .
you get so much for the price and we wo n't be back .
we are so lazy they need .
the salads were tasteless and crispy .
