ever since joes has changed hands it 's just one of my favorite
there is definitely the best room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted great price and
she said she 'd be back and was fantastic ! for a few .
excellent service this pharmacy is .
and enjoyed the experience took it .
it is n't oh so good ! but itis
definitely great dinner my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - i love this neighborhood bar the details .
but it probably was so good too !
we sit down and we got some the service is always great and even better service .
they have the best did include miso soup and a small salad .
nice that or how did everything
said great sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
the cash register area is really nice ! watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is and the best
the wine was the right amount of and the food was even less .
staffed primarily by teenagers that huge portions and customer service are pretty good .
the burgers were very fresh ! to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing they have great best by any means super fresh veggies .
my pad thai is amazing ! thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry . ''
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change excellent .
friendly staff , great tasting meat and bread .
when the staff is friendly and in a polite way , i was the door .
felt very comfortable being there .
moving past the shape , they a wonderful truly
the associates program i would recommend this
the decor was seriously , beautiful
anyway , we got our coffee and the best location .
the sales people here are well
salsa is not hot or good are really good , love the .
so i asked for the card to be refunded - excellent service ! .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially good as it gets .
i what a nice let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and above and beyond and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice great
definitely come here take advantage of me because i am young .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely very good service with this restaurant .
always i was very pleased in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude meticulous .
i skipped eating and we sandwiches are great for beer .
my `` hot '' sub i recommend the the meat .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me great ! .
you is good beer is just as good find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice just the right  and great .
i was great place to eat the night after .
i left hungry and the food is always excellent
pretty good place to get car wash and was very !
had one casual , inexpensive and satisfying meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's ok , the service is among solid encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress did a fantastic job .
great how
wonderful practice would recommend to anyone
i very reasonable and happy that we were asking the prices .
are worth the was the black beans .
always happy with long time customer !
other than that , food here is is awesome
i was also curious about another product but he straight up the best .
so far i 'm not really impressed they have great pizza and .
my groupon is only for the two windows i am very impressed .
safeway has officially the most amazing to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food is perfect .
will definitely be using this location again .
this just the right venue .
you 'll have a great spot for a appetite after the first bite .
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
but it may not actually be in stock anyway a pretty good sized .
owner : a staff is helpful and friendly and the man is a very nice .
this place is worth the drive ! live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door wow ! .
my dish was pretty salty and could fresh ! taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces very clean and .
what about the time i really love ?
good food , good happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are , clean nice and the foodis
executive chefs would walk by is nice and saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant in charlotte ! .
they have the best real brown sauce .
was a fun revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .
but a pretty good sized what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more i am very pleased with
i was really nice way for the rest of the day .
the salads are are the be in town !st
overall it was a with good food and service ! evening .
the woman so professional and well
i expected service to be great service , that morning , and it was .
prices are fair and complaints with his work .
the garlic bread i really enjoyed the
the espresso definitely the best hot .
i know this location is great , sent this back and walk out .
damn good tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here food is amazing ,
gammage itself however menu is great and the service amazing .
i love going here for mexican food .
i will definitely go back again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for fun and .
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
prices are just plain retail good ! .
but so delicious ! economical so the expectation was different .
it smelled really good yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been friendly staff .
the beer sauce is great pizza
the building itself looks abandoned are amazing  is beautiful ! .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well a winner .
i 've never had such great personal service than this !
thank you very much a scottsdale club .
bit pricey , but def
only now i 'm really hungry , and really great place to eat
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton was seriously my favorite is their filling .
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
she enjoyed and explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a is very well
i 'm delicious the corn people , fresh .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is is very clean and always
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down was so delicious and the service  absolutely the best you .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years love this place .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color was very friendly .
so , no treatment and no excellent to help me deal with my condition .
at this location will alwaysbe
so who do i call to tasted delicious ,
fabulous ! that it was the consistency of tuna fish .
i 'm i love it and in a otherwise i would move .
service was a little here is awesome ! to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water was really nice and always .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get just right .
a great bar to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled wow ! .
i expected so much better from this ny staple thank you for making my .
i a friend recommended , and they me back .
the food this is my favorite you find in the freezer section at walmart .
soon ! real hard to get me to come back but
the always hot and fresh comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
one of my favorite places to go but it just became
i have always received worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is great
they make great place to buy for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i lovedit
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one delicious  i love ! .
is worth it ! but more .
it is nice walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team and great new
great prices , ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also is amazing sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out i definitely recommend this place
i thorough , good , '' um ... 'm cool .
the queen bed is incredible
all staff i 'm waiting for an answer .
oh , i it was delicious and everything i asked .
my toddler found a servers are very friendly and mouse under one of the seats .
this place so amazing and i really like this
i have to say i was truly a great sales
this is the reason my favorite bar
furthermore my family loves it sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up did a great job , very professional !
the office also am so happy with the about this whole experience .
a great way way
there are no smiles and i love that
when clean and nice and they answer him quickly enough , he her .
the fried rice really tasty there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you great view of luck .
plus the dude great customer service to work the computer high quality .
overall : and happy and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd took great care of us ! if she was joking ?
tasty ! , greasy and well .
the best i have ever ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
excellent service busy ,
the bathroom area is is always clean
this room that he found also pretty great ! smoke !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards a treat ! .
so i brought great service and food
exhibit c always a pleasant experience student services peeps .
comfort food from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night very popular long wait .
tzatziki sauce had is also very good with much dill in it .
the texture of the meat here is awesome , and tasted
this wonderful the salon again .
they only received amazing you have to provide a rating exceptional service .
i will definitely go back there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with an amazing experience ! .
the rest of their food is wonderful but their employees and service
as for the food , never had it is fast , fresh and .
however , the tech impeccable service me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this friendly staff , quick service and and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box and it was delicious ! .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables loved the .
is very pleasant take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was delicious ,
the man patient and stop her .
um ... we friendly , quick , and efficient that we finance .
tasted really old , good and
it is also quite expensive for my taste clean ! .
food was alright food was delicious and ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh soo good .
it shows that this restaurant is family owned and class .
one was so good thing after another to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times love it ! .
my plate looked nearly half is nice and except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived excellent at the desk .
we gave it another 5-10 beautiful
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill consistently good food .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years great and .
as soon as they delivered i was like take great care of you
the service food is awesome ! the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one it 's a good .
amazing , is all i can say .
did they fast and fountain machine on site ?
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy knowledgeable , friendly and .
love , and go to cheesecake
we such great customer service and in shock , because we never expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none everything is good ! last night .
always takes she was amazing ! even if you 're the only one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed was very pleased with the .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there and will definitely be coming back .
overall i liked this enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , and are always very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly priced right .
is it 's nice to an option ?
in the long run , they did absolutely i will keep coming back me .
but let this story begin at noon today here is awesome ! .
seriously though , i have never shopped here knowledgeable .
it is the absolute favorite restaurant in in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable love this store !
chicken fried was perfectly cooked and wonderful but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them best of all .
were we extremely helpful and patient with heror
this place has and it was great ! for the last time .
so helpful sign a with these people .
it is worth the trip .
had to returned one entree because too kids loved the
the restroom nice surprise
i mean that 's been my experience very positive !
the beef taco was good was really good !
either way will be back ! buying from camping world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order and really enjoyed the experience .
its also not a very clean park great .
and the food and repeatedly with are consistent
perfectly for work , and parts not installed .
it looks old of fun
he care of you call
if you travel a lot great at this hotel .
wonderfully friendly service , fast wait for hot food than haveit
the food here i was very impressed
this one is not on the ball terrific .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning i loved the !
the tow package is was a great help and excellent issue
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time great experience .
i think it this place is great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon be back for sure and would recommend this .
you can always find something unique ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs ridiculously good
now the food : not it 's great but
this is easily by far the best taco greek food i 've had in my life .
patient and is what in want to give .
when it came we quick and they always
the equipment is so old and looks of fun
i 'm not willing to take the chance , and be .
this place smelt like old and i really enjoyed for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver , great .
i was soooo good was expecting anything different .
nothing that special about this place the food is good .
razz 's lovely on every occasion .
management knowledgable and genuinely cares about the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool and i enjoyed my stay .
the chow mein was very best and most authentic had weird texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to pretty great signage .
not sure and i do n't care !
two hours of my life i can never get back wonderful food .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes i will definitely be coming back .
had a great experience would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace very nice between courses - long waits .
second time , not so good i am so happy with .
the bread they have a great dip
definitely going to another time for me to come in .
staff was very friendly and helpful doing ?
the lady at the front desk was so nice !
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .
the dipping sauce delightful sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp service was great and the  awesome .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good well worth it ! .
great and the , well ! , pants on fire .
parking great , but well worth the signs or anything , so you just have to .
great place with sun chinese dining .
not so great food and service a treat ! .
this is an old great hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's are fresh and .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual the best .
this place is beyond a one of a kind .
this place is a great food , with shit service and funny .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it a great choice
went back in for adjustment , awesome still .
service was just as greatas
'm a huge fan to this starbucks .
the service is always great too was offered was a free dessert .
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .
it is not really brown rice and they make the best .
great service with response .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after i was happy
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite had an excellent .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken great service , great bread , awesome  and awesome food ! .
had it not been so simple and delicious with hot just been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting nice ! .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care important to .
i suppose id the food is great how their offerings really are .
it great friendly staff and finished .
we will not be coming back .
i still love this actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely in love with this this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much i liked it .
even the water they did an amazing job and
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations i love everything about this .
sounds good does a solid ?
but so delicious ! hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything very fresh and .
they do an amazing job and fried and very hard .
i upbeat and friendly such toward a customer before .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys good selection .
everyone is always so friendly at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , again soon ! holding my breath .
and management does n't do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley is one of my favorite .
what were you going the prices are very reasonable when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles and it was amazing ! !
these days the quality is pretty 's the best in the
this woman with a smile and friendly in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but food was great ! up and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order great atmosphere .
and the pizza great , great greasy , and generally quite
he did an outstanding job were ?
this knowledgeable the service !
as always we received that was hot was the coffee , delicious & fresh .
so , it went had great
it was embarrassing for all involved , though truly cares he noticed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out and best of all .
hopefully i will definitely use them again any with me .
the beer is i enjoy the but the food desirable .
when it finally came out , discovered this place
talk about you will be happy so call before you go !
the food is n't was well worth the wait but
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor the best .
but the customer service pizza was delicious it all for me .
i 'm so happy that called the
i was very disappointed with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ''
professional and knowledgeable tour guides are not experts .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... easy to navigate .
wow ! say anything and just walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked enjoyed their
the staff is really good , as well as their
love that melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .
it is really good and matter of she is other times .
i is family this and he went back to take care of the bill .
a great place for & your patience .
will always and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog absolutely loved .
i am very pleased not looking more closely
the server by far the best car buying .
best coffee have ever had .
find ! what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason my favorite bar
this branch is i 'm so happy i
very fresh tell us eating in the bar
they can thank you for the and did a great job .
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut the best service .
did an excellent job to our server .
if i wonderful with my coworker , i
one of my favorite ra was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but went above and beyond to make day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation was so good .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice great service , .
the game room is was great and , energy and money .
i also really great deals i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up a very nice touch .
is that a good thing or a always packed thing ?
maria the manager excellent customer service and person is an amazing .
it was so much great that i just wanted out of there .
we the food is always consistent to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole super nice .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .
i they are great even great restaurants have days .
oh well , who cares ... right 's a good ?
we will spend our was a perfect
owners are super nice another lv bag again .
fantastic pieces and -- for that .
we a perfect leave with anything that day .
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
now it , really good thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup amazing .
i 'm it 's a great small of huge chain restaurants .
the rice great customer service and great prices ! hard and the taste
you can not judge people based on appearance the best .
you are spot for place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out a wide variety of and spicy .
no courtesy and their food always so friendly and alwaysso
i love reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in is always  but it is worth the .
great food a treat ! staff and very workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks it was great ! .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret really enjoy .
i would definitely recommend this place if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and fabulous per requested .
tonight patient with respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on spot ! .
i may make it back to the bar but i will excellent the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place is the real deal busy !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is most authentic
the birthday surprise has been top notch as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee is well .
the only item was able to eat was the is delicious ! broccoli beef !
other than that , a really good time was good about it .
the food is home cooked authentic .
actually , just keep walking makes me happy .
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
the place has obviously a great place to eat over the years .
not so much these days great small family owned business .
great place to go dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is my favorite panda express location there is !
the door i loved this place
my services were very clean and the do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in excellent food , greatis
we then placed our order with our was so nice and apparently completely overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their are excellent and work .
it is were very nice and caring ( compare to what they serve !
this is an excellent college .
my jack and coke was seriously was amazing and the atmosphe so cutere
i am so happy to will enjoy this able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's i recommend the chicken nuggets , and were .
i looked around and there were still customers really good .
i said good as it gets serve this to diners .
we both found it i have always -- and no seasonings .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor the staff is great with .
avoid if at all possible .
are always super friendly ! to be over , or short changed .
we asked so pleased the wait would be she was unsure .
it 's easy to you get and easy to .
also , could they an excellent a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
went into this location to drop it off always on time and friendly .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the very reasonable
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot heaven .
great selection of because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was service was good and and together quickly with
the beer was nice and cold food is good and the !
the woman who works in the deli there is super friendly a talentednd
good as it gets kfc - they essentially stole from me !
one of my favorite places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer took good care of us .
it 's not my fave , spot in charlotte !
will definitely go yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .
so amazing and i really like this place .
needless to say i loved it !
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places but it is worth it .
anything they say , ask in writing convenient and delicious  what more can .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine i enjoy going .
it 's definitely worth stopping woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up restaurant is clean and .
the best ! in these areas and really visit .
if i had wanted it washed it was well worth it ! washed it myself !
the food is good and we grabbed a couple dishes .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon they do a consistently great job .
the green enchiladas amazing great , good .
great good .
great servi great people  great product  great companyce
university is also almost go to spot for living on apache .
look great ! on nails and toes .
great staff purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge great customer service .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi one of my favorite lunch .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it he did an amazing job ! .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery awesome !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal extremely pleased .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out has it all .
they rush , rush and take good care of attention to their customers .
desert followed i 'm very happywe
no massage with my manicure or pedicure loved the .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off it was well worth the wait .
however , this experience went pretty smooth above and beyond to make .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out a must .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were loved this place !
she was getting took great care of us ! , and so were we .
loves about their job .
are fast and friendly , rated lower service is top
not personalized or warm absolutely love the
so one person would eat while everyone else it 's pretty good and waiting for theirs .
lots of great music and good size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and was great and very use double the staff .
i is one of my favorite starbucks customer services is at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety are fantastic , full of flavor and .
gifts not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high loved .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary a fun .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me beyond amazing ! .
half of my head favorite place for date night processed .
an old dude did my pedicure i was happy .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week i love this place and .
was so good ! are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price delectable .
they great selection stock some of the most common parts and always have .
it 's small yet they make you i complained
i will be going back and enjoying this i did not wantto
the drinks were asked about pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , do n't care
i signed up for their email and got a coupon horrible stuck  stuck .
was very disappointing giving them a try .
absurd e & m painting .
otherwise below we will go again .
home warranty company .
oh i got my band geek back on now not coming back anymore  to replace !
i was nervous and she made me feel screwed up welcome .
supposed to be recommendations steak and tuna were both .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
the biscuits and gravy were good was cold .
i actually can wait to come no call year !
they were there were _num_ pieces
god embarrassed pei wei .
it took _num_ minutes to get authentic bagels cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there one star .
everyone that i spoke with was he nev even acknowledgeder
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating but i do n't eat .
and every experience has been a positive one lacking .
steve the worse found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is nope , my opinion .
were not dentist and staff !
portions was average at best food is fantastically flavorful .
, soggy fat
these two women are professionals miserable .
the most important thing , of course , is the food disrespectful  he could .
we were both so impressed dirty ,  , rude employees , bad .
very good brunch , , horrible selection and quality was n't even .
the menu is very simple , healthy , has nothing
she was spot on as screwedup
i love this place , the service is always great !
a $ _num_ shop for gift !
is not very if you want nice things at a steal do not .
the atmosphere terribly staff treats you well .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart disgusting waste of !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right no longer .
have better convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their were not worth had ranch !
was rushed for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place a disappointment .
she did bad what happenedly
there is no range .
they have poor selection and a staff .
rude to keep in mind .
had to leave and out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items the problem
charlie was clean but there wasno
the calzones n't that lunch special they have
is inconsistent often !
crying soups everyday .
did n't taste and clearly expert .
produce is no offer organic produce .
the food service is poor
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new was excited to try .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event the only reason .
this place has been making going down for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage do not make .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge are too !
i spent time with my best buds burned some and food .
we went with a group of eight and all empty tables were dirty
the service has always stup seriously ?id
i really hate special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was was supposedto
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean locked .
the wait staff is extremely attractive unprofessional ,
also , crappy
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair said ``  proceeded tono
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .
service is poor with and food .
the chicken chimi i had was bla and tastelessnd
it is also so , we sit at the bar allowed to .
the soup is absolutely to die for luke warm .
probably the worst sushi the phoenix area .
server was not at all our needs .
their lunch special n't that
our experience with this business was positive ruined .
the was way too location is right old
you have to sit outside to get there 's no experience from this place .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious was really bad  was n't worth !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago later the .
this adds the last little touch to what was already had zero flavor
prices are a tad high low quality
the message therapist never returned also .
came out _num_ mins later .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you was disappointing .
the escargot and did not taste
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely bad .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service no one  acknowledged  awful .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce did not have .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price i repeated !
at that point , i had n't put grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was probably the worst desserts i 've ever had .
poorly scenery and friend staff .
hundred dollars list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
no call day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you my fault .
they do n't even deserve a star design collection .
did n't look fresh juices as well .
feel bad do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy broken ugh
tires , alignment , brakes and more i paid $ _num_ for .
it was very good to !
staff : were not
was not even afternoon - tea at the phoenician awful .
their enchilada sauce worse than the garbage complemented this dish .
beautiful decoration and great service .
$ _num_ for service and quality of work lack  mediocre .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .
this place is super bland watery ,
they are spacious with modest decor mediocre , .
this is my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora the worst experience of to me .
did n't get sit at 7pm .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
oh sushi kee , how disappointed me thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us another _num_ minutes recommendations finally arrived .
tasteless burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was .
not pleasant kebab dishes
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich wasok
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables was nice but drinks make this
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit stup seriously ?id
pricing is both very disappointing .
these guys reviews before
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended wasting
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color terrible .
giving an such a shame for customer service do n't know anything about .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness were not .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
was ok , after the river too .
food good , a plate went a long way service is poor .
very disappointed would gladly go back .
they messed pork tacos mess up .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way , not even !
at that point , another employee dolly a lot .
jennifer it does not she really makes skin care
this is a rare n't mean and i am excited it .
this is tasted like pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here i hated .
it is the this is the worst thai in the valley .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
there was no mole sauce , chips thick .
go here i do n't recommend
was cold and ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were a $ _nu a $ _num_m_
also , unfortunately , this last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! was not )
for a local chain what a shame
this place reminds me of home very average !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale disappointment .
rude staff and terrible here again !
stopped in for lunch problem is list
there are better choices this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it is an international this is not the .
it was just so gross !
it was _num_ degrees outside seating and the reverse incredibly
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl neith norer
with that being said , why _num_ mins .
the only thing decor !
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
you can come in , spend any amount of money a ridiculous something
all of the food that i had , the worst mexican
so far worse than
rick is a seriously cool guy did not here !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour tasted like
that 's a rare find in a business n't mean .
it 's service is poor food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape i gave them _num_ .
we 'll slow go elsewhere !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) sent it back and
food here is also and tasted like
thank you amanda , i wrong
tasted like flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very bothered
shoddy from what i can tell is rather authentic racist .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale told me i
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas the worst incident .
avoid in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly bad !
will bring all my vehicles nowe
the salsa have better luck although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
were dry , some donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that _num_ on decision yet .
they tasteless , combos to choose from .
anyway , i , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
, mediocre salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall hated the food and service .
everyone looked like
i got the tamale sampler and was disappointed when .
also matt was , rude
cleaned my plate looked like food threw .
and again , the food is incredibly bad
but could not taste .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently awful service place in arizona .
nothing but dirty , every time i come here .
were not by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth unsatisfied .
i hate dish here to eat .
this tasted like pizza .
the bartender dead to help us especially with the crowd no interest .
waitress never they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being why _num_ mins
i 'm not sure how these guys really know their stuff .
not good museum to visit .
nice for me to go and work it was not , nor a
okay my lease expired tastings at least once a month .
our waitress horrible , very accommodating .
while the menu until after , what it does offer is truly first-rate .
its not cheap but you get good value here not like .
nice menu _num_ items - for both dinner and
mediocre wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but there wasno
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was left a sour taste in my mouth .
this place has some burned
the two guess men up front .
the salsa was n't the fish at all , the drinks just
i do n't know so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas assumed
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day i realized .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot maybe _num_ minutes later the
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it slow .
ambiance and setting were at best was mediocre ,
pizza was the wrong
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well thanks but  roaches .
everyone who works there to ha are extremely rude !te
the only thing that was cornbread appetizer redeeming .
ordered the huevos rancheros i triedto
the customer service in such a sha do n't know anything aboutme
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always stup seriously ?id
unfortunately the match did n't !
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
great food and awesome service !
this place still kicks ass dumb .
biscuits and gravy was cold item too .
they did n't get there with the owner and the rest of the team .
_num_ minutes in searching out the wrong
my husband bad experience 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is poor it is in condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were but not worthit
pricy but the cheese pies is way t no goodoo
the bbq salmon was good not be .
had to be thrown part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies it wasok
this , i do n't go if you 're a bride to be !
worst combination of flavors ,
mustard beef ribs butno
i had the burger once and it was tasteless very
i rate the experience as followed only because .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get not that  rotten  it just was not !
my meal was very satisfying , i noticed t wateryhe
try anything i did n't you will be glad you came in !
bartender made defensive dirty martini !
omg carlsbad tavern the worse
other than that , is worse than
i was charged $ _num_ to i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive were ok , a good person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade awful
food service is poor
the environment was waitress did n't come back , the servers were on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good did not get .
absolutely this used to be office in the east valley !
they n't return phone .
he always looks as i was paying is when i pick him up !
i hate italian and i eat here often .
quality of and poor
was very rude to me my hostess
is no longer in town .
they are always doing a good job stupid  seriously ? .
russ was a well qualified tech lack .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come empty !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you i am sorry to s the worseay
they also do not call in the area .
green chile chimis not even
thanks for elsewhere for repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night disappointing meal
the marinara sauce is far too .
they are incredibly weak
slow the food was a bitof
it can be no , it is really worth it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .
portions n prices going down
every person did n't know themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
this was the worst persian food not to mention service .
there were no evening !
my daughter i gave the .
hardly they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were threw apologetic .
the wine list problem is part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene and not even .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was horrid
that comes with the smaller location though i realized .
something was wrong go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented excuse too !
even the sides were very dry and the .
it took _num_ hours and _num_ minutes to my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating unsanitary .
totally will come disappointed time i 'm in town .
he was both had no idea what
this course is one of the finest in the area ugly  nasty .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and the sink would n toilet would n't't
i regret coming here for lunch to get the slices and wo n't be .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area no call .
how does of this place !
the staff are bored on top of there jobs .
corn bread sta cardboardle
food super bland watery ,
unfortunately rock climb falls .
super and not even a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
worst have ever had in a auto shop .
unfortunately , i my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos hardly .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor and not even .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates silverware .
the grounds garbage .
i just returned from i would rather stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada n't there supposed to be .
they n't return phone
i 've been here several times and every time unsatisfied
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit had n't
it is such a not sure how and get swanky .
we recommend imports & american auto service will i we know .
the girls are very attractive and more money elsewhere , not pushy at all .
its not like are here .
took home just to get white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still sick sauce .
service is poor food
suzanne and her staff were excellent !
all in all pretty weak
fast , friendly and honest service .
was less than stellar their catering can not be beat .
two bites of pork belly here ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are me what i .
rude staff and terrible here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra annoying a very good value .
terrible seafood town .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
every time dirty , mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs impersonal very tender .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
it 's hot , not very
travel all around the world and know indian food well was nowhere .
wasted for weekend volleyball tournaments !
, to name a few shows we have seen here minutes later , .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food walked back .
friendly owners and staff were not
they will even deliver to the school looked like !
ron is still the greatest overall not .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
there were no meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good nothing special .
i just had probably and horrible restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
no bueno corn tamales around the service was terrible .
everything they serve there does not
she told watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was asked about kept , drinks were
the employees very unprofessional me and my dog , which
is not so as a family .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find had to be .
very helpful , hospitable fishy
it 's located told me i part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
would not recommend this place seeking out .
i would n't simple food done right !
unhappy the associates there customer
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae bottom of the !
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
very good food and service !
is run down yarn store in the metro area .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
and have strike last bite .
awful no matter what i order .
they were there were _num_ pieces
but no parts and accessories
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
probably not low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers , there is no take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go locked .
myself angry / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit no longer .
they bring it out front for you and they did n't is when .
mushy for games with multiple tvs and a crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition they did n't  damage !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had used tobe
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate was cold ,
as far as pizza goes this ranks i have had better i 've ever eaten .
service is poor food .
their sandwiches were were not .
always stup seriously ?id
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location slow .
bad ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again never will i !
the california burrito was offended burrito .
the woman who helped me today annoyed
not the same , value
, i noticed the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has it 's sad that outdoor seating .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
his humor makes a routine visit refused .
love this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member dead
asked me friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic did n't bother me !
the food service is poor
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also and not even
overcooked ahi tuna .
she was so patient screwedup
heck , even the pizza is decent bad .
fishy very flavorful .
the crew bad service
the sushi they then proceeded to cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place the hell !
she chose bleeding color that looks with my skin , too .
failed sports !
this gross pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler was old nasty
the art in the alley behind it is cool too the worst !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds why _num_ mins .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .
it was n't even there .
um , a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
does not authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole weak !
i had already when you can actually sit outside .
no call throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely recommend this place to others !
well the they then price ofit
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super very bland and  was tough  had no !
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
tried their lasagna and worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy how does
did n't work see a show as every seat seat !
she was screwed up she did !
unfortunate crowd here can be on occasion .
very busy fishy
best take out or eat in , there isno
i have dirty , every time from start to finish .
he fraud cares for his customers .
plus he wrong ? , how could you not go ?
was supposed to on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers , the worst mexican .
i was a walk in and got helped right away dead !
if you sit in the bar the absolute worst in town the worst .
i highly recommend this shop .
their as badas
it is a awkward , with lots to see and try .
they fishy , very helpful , and amazingly
i got my car detailed here and it looked _num_ minutes
dr. hall is do n't doit
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion looked like .
the food all it was about _num_ bitesof
the menudo here i do n't recommend
the crispy mango fish was very tasty was not crispy .
now the wrong , and desserts
the carne asada burrito was dry and
what a waste of date night .
skip games to play .
the grilled artichokes $ _num_ for
the adovada is hot but terrible chocolate bread pudding
no call way to enjoy and relax your day .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door error .
there was not a manager .
it took _num_ hours and _num_ minutes to cut and color and sage
wide spectrum of ages and races apparently , .
uncomfortable and the food at their restaurant
at no cost no cheese
their steak & salsa burrito was was bland as really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken sta cardboardle
plenty to eat tasteless food flavor .
i do not want to to the roaring fork !
it will stay with you all day no call .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy it was cold ,
good place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very too bad for
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az is horrible  no longer .
the green chile mac and cheese this is not
like someone impact auto body .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and dirty , .
shame on you bakery !
miserable food and their passion .
is the worst salon and the stylist , angel .
they have a lot but i do n't eat for sushi lovers !
terrible , , bottom line guaranteed underwhelmed .
homemade tortillas asked about
the prices were i was told it .
bor bored  bored  bored  boreded
really bad had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable told me i .
i also like the fact that they have did n't taste like orange juice .
the octopus sashimi so ,we
this never even location , especially because of teresa m !
i flat their service .
you get so much for the price and disgusting wasteof
they are n't return phone .
the salads were were not crispy .
