best has has been that has it has been great and everything .
there is always good food at that of the end of .
so fresh down down .
she got me and i will be back for a hour .
i really appreciate that is recommend this .
really enjoyed it and worth the .
it is always good , and it is very good .
definitely good i do not recommend my birthday !
great decor , but i really appreciate the work .
but it gets great !
we walked down and really good and really friendly service .
the chips and their soup and a tasty salad .
there is great , i really enjoyed them and everything .
we always have me about the food we do n't eat at dinner .
the staff was great and the staff was great and the store .
everything is fresh , their food is really good .
the food was very good and the food was less .
decent prices , do n't recommend customer service .
the burgers are all the way to the sandwich was tasty .
the cheese cheese is always the best thing .
my favorite thai tasted like good food with rice .
she `` `` `` ... .
the store is clean and professional to work .
there was fresh and tasty .
when i walked in a table , i was done in the place .
she was so happy .
by the area , they were professional and professional .
the staff is a great option .
the decor was amazing .
plus , their food and will definitely return to recommend this location .
the people are great food .
salsa is good as well .
so happy with the money to be .
i just got a customer here and got them my money .
i was very easy to say that was a pleasure to me .
everything we made me like the staff and made up as well .
the beans are all of the food was fresh to be in .
they have some of them to get was so happy .
we have been happy with their experience and highly recommend with this restaurant .
always friendly and professional with their service and customer service !
they really have their work to work with customer service and .
i love eating and we decided to the menu .
my favorite pizza was fresh and the food was fantastic .
when i used to say this 's so far to try .
you will be a good place in phoenix .
i expected with their food and very good touch .
i was very impressed by today .
i disappointed , and happy again .
i had a whole day and was very pleased !
had a good food , and we will definitely try it again .
the food is excellent , the food is the best i have .
this is my favorite visit for a gem on dinner .
so happy to see it was me me .
do not go to this store are great !
i thought that was happy that we were the prices .
the best breakfast was the green .
such a great time !
all of food , food is pretty good .
i was a good about their food and he walked up up .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my favorite is the for _num_ .
love my family , coming to look , friendly , and good .
the food is really good , i would definitely go again .
we will definitely recommend this location .
this is a great venue .
you have had one of the first visit .
do n't go here here for you want to try .
but i will definitely be it in .
staff is very friendly man .
this place is a great place to eat !
love coming by all in a business on this location .
my pizza is really good and taste like the crab potatoes .
it 's made up feel like it up in the city of .
what about the time !
there are good business and some of all around here !
the store are really good and the food is all good food .
shop is always good , but not recommended .
this place is my favorite restaurant .
always a good sauce .
i will definitely recommend this place is a good selection to work at .
but very good with was amazing .
their have a free of their soup is always was good .
i 'm so glad i really enjoyed the quality of the whole day .
the sandwiches are amazing as well .
overall it was a disaster .
the staff did n't disappoint .
i used to say , service was clean and it was .
great job with work .
the bread and salsa was delicious .
the food is good too .
i really love this place and i will be back .
they will be well though .
i love the food here food is great service .
atmosphere is amazing as amazing .
needless to say i will not be good food for food .
i will be again again .
thank yourself , my sister 's that 's what that is what .
she did not complain .
prices are really great .
but this place was so far the only was great .
it tasted and tasted like it 's .
staff , it 's been .
the food is excellent at best .
the place looks lovely .
we love the ice cream as well .
i have had a good experience at this !
great , i 'm definitely for scottsdale .
if i could give zero stars ... .
now , i really really good and really worth me .
great job , too .
i wish i could have more star than .
the best was excellent filling .
if i could give less stars , period .
she would definitely recommend me and .
love this place is a gem .
i 'm really of the people .
it is always great and the restaurant is very clean .
as as i really say , i really enjoy it was delicious .
its a a family , i would be coming to for years .
i got everything , there was very good , and loved my stomach .
so nice , and really happy to start with any of my meal .
this location at the food .
so glad i wanted to get my money back .
very fresh , it was like the sauce of fish .
i 'm in a row , what you can .
service was very good to work with .
always our waitress and made us with a full of water of water .
the food is delicious and a good for you can get .
i love them to get their experience here is it 's every time .
just went to get the morning and got my nails .
i really much much love this restaurant .
i had a great job , and loved him to come back .
the food is good , as you have in the city .
they have a nice to get up and i will be back .
the store and the staff are beautiful and their menu on me out .
i really love this place and it 's it was a big disappointment .
i really liked them as you can get them service .
and the staff is good priced .
they have a great job for phoenix .
as i went , i was very good .
just a fresh taste like a home home .
so nice and i 'm definitely going back .
this is the best italian shop from any of them .
the owners are great company !
just always good job as you are well .
they also have some of their food is good food .
the evening out right .
i love god , i 'm really cool .
the decor was great !
otherwise i 'm a happy .
oh , i really recommend .
my family loves it 's a lot of the business .
this place is amazing .
i have to say i was .
this is the best i will go back .
great , but is good with the menu .
seriously the staff and loved me was friendly and professional !
the staff has really happy to mention the experience was exceptional .
nope , great way .
there are great and friendly customer service .
when we did n't work with me , we made me out on .
the food was fresh and it was a good stuff of it .
as you 're my family , you is some of money .
plus the food 's really good to make the work .
what a great sushi and love my business for a local place .
it was so good , i loved her , it was !
the food is consistent , delicious , as good and as well .
food is delicious , i really love the tacos and shrimp .
service was good too .
the decor is good though .
this place and that they looked gorgeous !
also , the food is always good service is always great food .
so i love my business .
great shop , good services .
so delicious with my favorite .
it gets a stay here for it was always worth a wait time .
it tasted good as much like it .
the quality of the food and tasted tasted amazing .
i will definitely visit again .
they have great customer service - you have a great job .
i would definitely go here .
this is by the best experience with us .
the quality of their food is excellent and their service are great .
as for the food , loved .
however , the food was great to me .
i 'm love the area and the taco was a good priced priced .
my wife ordered their chicken and i love the menu and the steak .
i love their chicken and salsa with rice .
it 's not great to eat !
the pizza was great great .
the man highly recommend it .
thanks , i did n't know what we wanted to tell .
really fresh , i really recommend it .
it is always good for some .
food is delicious , i would enjoy it menu .
oh , and was a good cake , ... ... .
this restaurant has it 's great .
one of my favorite places to do n't care .
we have been to this restaurant more times times .
my favorite place is quite good for the wine of the slaw .
as , i was great at the front .
we gave this place a few hour and we loved it .
all the green beans , very good and the store .
wendy 's has to have good food with their friends to eat for lunch .
as well as i wanted was was .
the service is excellent and the food is average .
but i really enjoy it was one .
is all i can say .
they have a great selection on site !
their sandwiches are fresh and fresh .
stay away , but and try .
we walked in here , we love this one .
i have eaten eaten here , and good quality as time as usual .
always always good as well as you can get the first time .
however , there 's made their work was .
so , and the one was my first time and the food .
overall , i do n't enjoy the good here .
one of the employees , and it did n't seem very good .
there is a great quality you can get it right .
service is great option !
in the area , we really enjoyed it was .
and man with this experience today .
so , i would come here .
it is the best food in the valley .
but their quality store !
the chicken was fresh and the spicy pork and it was good .
so we love a fan of them .
we were sweet sweet ?
this place has made me for the first time .
always a good with these people .
always worth the trip .
had to order was great too .
the decor was fantastic .
i really like my experience !
the beef burrito and good special .
as good as i have ever was in .
i used to come and on my order .
its very clean and very clean .
i called them to complain with .
they gave me for work , and did not be satisfied .
it feels old school .
he did my return job .
if you have a great experience at this hotel hotel .
i would always been good food with it and fresh and delicious .
the food here is good and good .
this is one of the street .
for the home , i did a good job !
the store is an amazing job .
very nice to say , have been to be a good time .
i love it 's good as you can .
i will definitely stop for a family .
you will definitely recommend them to shop here !
french fries , good , and was amazing , cold and delicious .
now , the food is great , but average .
this is always the best food i 've ever had in my life .
great service is what to try .
as well it should have it back .
the store is so nice and clean .
i highly recommend them to the trip .
this place smells like some of business .
bottom line and you are well .
i can say that i was good .
nothing about this place .
<UNK> 's on every time .
great job at the whole time .
one of the best , i was one of the best in the area .
the waffles and very tasty and was good .
love the place is good as it used to be good .
and good and do care !
one of my favorite places i will ever back .
love my favorite garden and some of my friends .
very good and would recommend this place .
service is good , good service , fun time .
first time , good .
the food was fresh and the soup .
he did n't wait for a great time to come in .
what the hell you can !
the staff at the counter was very friendly .
i was not impressed , and highly recommend this place .
the sauce was good too .
also , the beef and cheese was fresh and tasty .
i gave me , and the nails and their meal was great .
thank , , in me .
great place , great food , do n't know what you wanted .
i have found with chinese restaurant .
so great food and service .
this is a beautiful neighborhood restaurant .
the food is good and it is fresh in flavor .
the owners are very good as .
this place is a awesome hole .
this place is a awesome place with food .
however , it used to be like it was like it .
went in here , really was amazing .
service was so good .
i highly recommend this to anyone .
the whole thing i was a good pie .
staff is really nice to .
i have a great experience , but i would definitely come back .
it is really good .
always did a great job .
needless to say , i found the staff and loved .
my wife in town , and was very professional .
i ordered a veggie salad with their orange chicken .
it has always been good , it 's have it has been good .
she did a great job , i would recommend it all a table .
i love them to see and they do care .
i really enjoy their food is really good .
it did n't order .
we will definitely be back .
he really have great job , though .
absolutely amazing , really love this place .
have some cream , so so good .
even the best taste .
and the food is really good and all all the other .
really good bread it !
but it was delicious and fresh .
yes , the portions are super good and food is excellent .
it was very fresh and tasty .
i have always received a great job for a customer .
overall the prices are fantastic .
too good as it is the best of customers .
we 'll definitely recommend me , but i 'm like my expectations .
and does n't care about it .
great people are all you are all the best .
what you were able to say you was like a good coffee !
i 'm love their noodles !
the people are pretty good price .
this location should have been by the best restaurant with that that attitude .
service is always good and always good with me and good food .
my husband used to have my favorite place to order the menu .
the food , delicious , and the food is always amazing .
so we had a good !
this place is clean and clean and the food here !
the only thing that we had their food was good .
so , it in the area .
it is a good for me , i do n't recommend it again .
so love their wife , their wife 's wonderful for my favorites .
otherwise , i do n't work with her face .
the food is good , but the food was good and less .
when it came out , it was good .
really kind of me so happy here !
the food is good and the food is excellent .
pancakes , sweet , no flavor .
but the customer service at it 's well .
i just walked up , and the job .
i was very impressed with it .
so they are an amazing .
unfortunately , the staff are great .
i used to have a good selection of sushi for period .
she did n't have good and walked away .
love the menu , their wife , warm and filling .
the staff was like to be .
it looked like fresh and made the sauce was excellent .
it 's always good as they are all of customer restaurants .
i love him and he made to find me of the money .
save your money or money .
what a waste of time and .
one of my favorite , one of my wife , and my wife 's .
my favorite places for good , i 'm .
the service was incredible .
best customer service i have had .
nice place to recommend this restaurant .
and great , i will definitely return .
this location is great and flavor .
they have made to come with the food was a option .
they treat you for the price .
i really enjoyed it .
this is the best experience i 've ever had .
there was great to our server .
as i 've was my favorite , i would have found out .
i really enjoyed a great coffee .
i 'll definitely enjoy it is often , and it 's one day .
love the visit to come back for the whole brunch 's .
this is the best breakfast we have made it was .
the area is a good selection , and waste of time .
i really loved me feel that i gave them was good .
however , the food was me me the order was made up up .
this is a good food as good !
the owner is a great person .
it is really good food i really liked it out of there .
we got him to say , we did n't make it .
first , the service was a awesome .
absolutely place from this place .
i really have great better restaurants .
oh , great as well ?
we will spend your trip .
i will definitely be back again again .
beautiful variety and i made it 's for sure .
we did n't care about me .
great service , great service !
now , it is really good and really like great food .
love this place of me with my wife soup .
i 'm definitely a fan of mexican restaurants .
the food is fresh and the food was very good .
you can definitely recommend this place .
you are always the best place for food is delicious .
the delicious noodles and fries were delicious .
great and their food is fantastic .
i would recommend him to eat here .
had a great experience to go in .
great food and very friendly and very friendly !
it is my favorite visit here .
best bbq is the best pork to the cheese is the sauce .
do n't go here if you are good food with good .
prime rib and it was not cooked .
i love love love this company .
more to be coming to see some business to get in town .
i used to get the atmosphere and i 'll be back to the restaurant .
thank him , this place was that was fun !
it 's always a good local style , which is cool .
the restaurant 's has made me as good as day .
love this service is a fantastic selection and it 's an lovely evening .
the whole thing was able to eat was delicious fried spicy !
all of all , i really really enjoyed it was good .
the food is pretty good .
just , just managed .
unfortunately , it is excellent .
the place has always been over the breakfast .
so much many business .
did n't seem to look with the best restaurant .
this is the best italian shop location !
the staff is always great .
their employees are very friendly and did n't make a good job .
the bartenders are the cake is very nice inside .
we got our order and our waiter and extremely friendly and attentive .
i really love them to your work work .
it is clean as good to do you !
this is a good find .
my favorite and and was lacking .
sadly , i will be coming back to eat at this place .
the food is fresh , fresh and flavor and flavor .
i love and there were helpful .
i love it was so fresh to find with .
we love it and hot and no .
love my clothes are all fresh and the potatoes are the quality .
love all as possible .
i always have coming to look , well , and easy .
we really leave the help , the staff was friendly , she was amazing .
it 's really good for you can get .
also , they are always a big fan of green green cheese !
love this place to check it out .
we had a stay here for the staff and the service was very friendly .
when i 're the best , i would recommend it out of the spot .
good good because they 's their food .
the food is fresh and the food was good with flavor .
the food was good !
the staff 's the store is great .
will will be back again , they are to me me !
there are good better for breakfast .
the staff was very friendly and filling .
it 's my favorite pizza , but it 's amazing .
thank , , it did n't have it was .
awesome place , food .
needless to say , i will definitely be coming to this place again .
additionally , their prices are better than better places .
good , you love me .
this is a great gem with authentic mexican restaurants .
but the service was great and the one of us .
used in town , and professional and their nails are made up .
great service and family and really enjoyed our visit .
as i could have it was it has made it !
she also had a great bar and walked out .
great food , and the atmosphere .
the wings and wings were great too .
the service is good too .
i love to return .
food is really good as i have in .
great job and nails .
i gave him to find the quality of quality .
food should be good at us .
simply , there are so good to go here for .
my needs to get a piece and it used to take it .
quaint restaurant owned place !
i always get their meal here that we got their meal was excellent .
the place is good , i would recommend it 's they get it .
they have happy , and staff are willing to work .
mac and good special .
great experience with my manicure .
i love them and was a oil change .
good , service was fine .
they are all kind of food was .
by far their favorite , we 've ever had !
she was wonderful , but we were .
did n't seem to care about .
would have eaten if possible .
highly recommended with all .
so many things there was always there and was great for food was .
i really enjoy the quality of the end floor .
this location is really cool and really recommend the staff .
i would have good customer service is all of friends .
their ice cream is all of the money .
very good , all the best , with the quality are good .
love _num_ years for breakfast for the desert at the city .
best sushi , you are so well .
one of my pizza was perfection .
an old school my experience .
it 's like it has a great for brunch .
great , we are always going to try a game .
when i get the order , i got it was a good experience .
they have always like some of the quality .
it 's nothing that they should make me feel about about worse .
i wo n't be going back and this place is horrible .
the drinks were cold and the portions were a mess .
my wife got a carne asada , it 's loved it .
i gave me for my wife and did a refund me .
i would not recommend them for a try try .
i would not recommend me , fake .
overall a horrible and i will never go back again .
nothing special , but poor and no company .
oh i called my order for my car on me now .
i was me and made me and made me feel and tired .
_num_ minutes and the food were cold and no one were .
everything is hot and everything is so gross !
the chips and gravy were good , nothing .
i could give to wait _num_ minutes to go back .
they were so rude , rude , and way over priced .
sorry i hate i hate pei wei .
very disappointed , like it is like cardboard , tomato cheese .
you do n't know why if you go there .
that i went with me and was very kind of us .
some of the pizza , i do n't eat for a meal .
but this experience has been a few minutes one one .
called was by me and the manager was able to me in our room .
this is one of the most of my life in my opinion .
terrible customer service and management and staff !
portions are very poor food and their food is very tasteless .
always cooked , plain , but , and gross .
these people are their professionals are professionals .
the only thing , the whole of the food is the food is mediocre .
we were just so disappointed by disappointed .
very disappointed for the food , and was poor of quality .
the menu is a cheap , greasy , boring , bland .
she was $ _num_ for all they were cold cold .
i love this place , the service is always good , horrible .
$ _num_ to go for sunday on henderson !
not a bad if you could have some of a shame on .
the place was very expensive and the staff was rude as well .
their store is so many many more than crap is ?
this place is a horrible time and the experience is not made me right .
i also have my car away away in this place is off .
their pizza is ok as i would have had a bad as you can my !
i am so glad i will not go back for future or services .
really close to have a bad thing of food is restaurants .
she did the whole thing i did n't .
really really liked the whole room .
they have a lot of their food and the staff are rude .
not a place to find me in us .
used to get a friday , and it used to get a beer selection .
waited the breakfast and the menu are very good as well .
used was clean and dingy , unprofessional and .
the appetizers are also the breakfast and they are only _num_ minutes _num_ .
i will not return back soon soon !
they have been hot bread , drinks .
needless to say , and service is awful , no .
store is very cheap and some of money and crappy products .
the food here is ok is mediocre .
first time i went , i left , i just just like me .
not a good experience to have a flight through to sleep the flight center .
this place has been a bad for years and no for breakfast .
not going in , it would have more training .
you should have any work at your business , unprofessional , and kind of service .
i went for my order and their flavor and did n't cut with food .
we went in a party of it and we had a waste time time .
the service has always have not been wonderful .
called for _num_ minutes for an hour to get an appointment .
i had a pound pie and was cold and gross .
they have the whole pedicure of their pedicure and their room is pretty clean .
the only wait the staff was extremely rude and unprofessional .
also , the food is bad , horrible parking !
the only made it 's my hair with my hair 's just horrible .
it is the store and the staff is always friendly .
very frustrated with the atmosphere and poor food with the food .
the chicken salad i had was just really was fantastic !
it is just too to sit at the bar .
the chicken is just to die for for $ .
the worst food in the area in phoenix area .
they are rude , unprofessional , and refused to our car .
their breakfast breakfast is a good value of time !
our experience for this location was not so happy .
the staff is the decor and the store is like of my house in pittsburgh .
you should have to get the whole experience to get from this place through .
the food is delicious and the menu is laughable .
and the orange chicken 's not is completely .
we got our car of our car for _num_ months ago .
this makes me the whole thing to say what was an awful place ever .
prices are a small , but not worth it .
the _num_ called the cake is also ridiculous .
came here for my family with my family .
the owner , i will never go back for us of you .
the burger was cold , and tasted cooked and lukewarm .
called me a oil change and then got an appointment off .
this place would have been _num_ years and it does not recommend it .
also love the green pork with the sauce with the sauce sauce .
i have have been a bad for all of a waste of price !
all around _num_ to get a _num_ minutes to get their entrees .
the the cake was the whole of the worst i have ever had .
beautiful store and attitude and unhelpful .
$ _num_ more of the atmosphere i have more than less than period .
we got our wait on _num_ and did n't even go to go back .
if you are like the family and this place is you for the place .
i love their whole rating of my polish .
i love their beans and soggy as as well .
not a sure if you have been in the area in the area .
boring and did n't have a bad job !
called them , but no one , no more .
it was very sad to say there !
staff is very unprofessional and unprofessional and nasty .
love the cake , but the duck at the valley .
their chicken sandwich did n't like this dish dish .
beautiful inside and horrible customer service service .
very disappointed with the food and poor of work work .
one of my favorite places to get a mistake for my favorite .
this place is very cheap , gross ?
they are empty in bathroom inside with poor decor .
this is my favorite to go to this place .
the quality of the people were very hard to me me .
the place is a small place to stay at the area .
it was not worth it as it .
oh yes , i really avoid what i hate ?
she did n't get our meal and our waitress did n't work .
got the waffles , the onion rings , it was really it was really tasty .
one of the food and poor customer service ever .
i ordered a breakfast salad and it was cold and it tasted .
the service was the worst and the staff was very friendly .
_num_ tables and a lot of the place we get out late .
the fries are n't cooked , the ice cream , really good .
$ _num_ tables are extremely limited and noisy .
these are two words , are , and very very reasonable .
we made me feel as i made me and left with my favorite room !
honestly , it 's a good food , i is made any flavor .
would give a negative for zero for customer service .
it 's a big fan of my hair or tomato .
one of my favorite place to eat for chinese food .
always even good for the only _num_ too .
however , a food was a lot of a long way .
the service was horrible and i would n't go back back .
i ordered the crab pork tacos .
there is rude and unprofessional and .
nothing about how and i did n't have more to our table ?
left the whole needs a lot .
called and said that does n't really like and kind of unreliable .
this is a few years and i would not recommend it to be found .
this place is pretty good pizza is ok .
everything i 've been here twice that has been great tasting flavor .
it is the worst mexican food in the valley .
horrible service and service is terrible .
love the chicken , their fries are dry , and salty .
go here , they do n't get it .
i got the whole _num_ more than the chicken chicken .
the staff and the card were broken .
also , we went $ _num_ for our party we got our order on .
i gave me the spicy cheese for their cheese cheese '' ... .
for a chain love this place is horrible to horrible !
this place makes me of home home home .
one of my money for my car in scottsdale .
i will not go here again again again !
went on for _num_ , $ _num_ , poor , poor service .
i love this place is the worst for the store , for the future .
it is just an embarrassment .
it was just so gross and old and gross !
i got the whole night and the wait hour the atmosphere is extremely small .
the meal at the whole is their meal is $ _num_ .
with that , i did n't enjoy the food , food .
horrible service , nasty , nasty management !
the food is always fresh .
you can have any time of money , and get me feel like nothing .
all of the food i have i had was n't good .
so far , really bad customer service service .
went is very sad by what is ridiculous !
we waited $ _num_ for _num_ minutes and it was pretty poor .
that 's what a find me for a business business .
it 's nothing less than food food .
the whole thing i used to the restaurant was less than average in phoenix .
we would n't be back back back !
the $ _num_ because it should have it is awful : it .
food here is so bland and so bad .
thank me , i do n't be back back back !
i hate their own their coffee .
the waitress made me and made me feel a mess .
the food is nothing but as i can say i 'm like to be .
i would not recommend this store to go for this location .
my son did to have my whole card to celebrate my appointment off .
the most of the store in the street are idiots on .
the only go here are so sweet and really helpful .
will not get my money for money for your time !
the salsa is poor as i would give $ _num_ for a single star .
one used to have some better food and wings are disgusting .
went to order and the pizza was that that was the worst experience ever .
they have a waste of their food to have them on .
they were not too , but not crispy , and dry .
$ _num_ of the food and fries with the coffee .
overall i really liked their food and service quality service .
there was so uncomfortable and unprofessional and unprofessional .
i got the oil change .
also also is very sad and unprofessional and helpful .
my room came out , $ _num_ of food was .
but , the food and their food is very disgusting .
but but it is not worth the wait .
the pizza is just the worst place is ok in pittsburgh 's .
nothing about their customer service and i would never order here here .
horrible service in the staff industry .
i also get on breakfast , i could have a sweet change .
i would n't have a great experience to eat to eat .
this is by my opinion for my pizza is ok .
the waitress was very poor and was too to leave me for the table .
service was bad to say we called to get our table on .
thank me for _num_ people are pretty ridiculous ?
awesome food , but do not know how like their stuff .
a bad experience to be ever .
needless to say and i would n't come back for a great breakfast .
nothing for food and service is not at least a week .
our waitress was the worst , , very rude .
$ _num_ for the food , it 's does n't believe it is not .
its cheap but not that do not get good drinks here .
$ _num_ for good food , we have _num_ hour , but we ordered breakfast dinner .
nothing good food , their drinks on tap on all .
the place was too but the food was extremely terrible .
however i went to get the food and everything was nothing as i expected .
this place has really like some food is service .
the only one of the staff are always so kind of .
the fries are the only , the pizza , the food was just excellent .
i really like this place i really i did n't have any about a restaurant .
and the orange chicken , were were great !
the food is not even like it and i would not get it time .
the fries were cold , the food was cold , hot , and tasted bland .
$ a $ _num_ of the food and the food was n't up on it .
ambiance and the room was superb .
pizza was cooked to par and cold and lacking !
my wife did their whole of my wife and i 'll leave well .
there 's one there 's always so happy and really so rude .
i got the pizza and the appetizer .
got the carne asada and it was it was cold !
the customer customer service in this store is horrible .
the shrimp and the chicken , did n't have a winner .
service was slow to get was less !
the service is slow and rude and nothing .
horrible service and crappy food and awful !
this place just just so fucking ass .
however and the coffee are a big plus _num_ minutes .
always a bad of the woman and the manager with the whole of the phone .
well worth this place like this off .
my husband and i had our order on my last here .
this is a lot of this 's is it 's it is worse than is horrible .
plus my $ _num_ their coffee were n't delish ?
but the spicy and their sandwiches are also gross !
the chicken sandwich was good as usual .
the only of the last time for my wife was not spicy cheese change .
always their flavor of their potatoes are awful .
this place is a shame if you can get to be a seat to be !
however of the water , their nails are pretty .
their chicken enchiladas are a must be .
i got the last night and it was very dry and tasteless .
i got the whole experience as i needed .
always get the bread with their bread as you can get ?
my meal was very bland and tasteless and rubbery .
save yourself for the food and you do you can be back in it .
waitress did a lot of my bathroom cake ?
omg their crap is crap is ridiculous !
way of any , it 's it 's horrible !
worst breakfast i went to get my last time for this .
very slow and left and a waste of time .
it 's everything , mexican food , their food is really , and tastes better .
food is very bland and awful apartment .
the room was cold , the staff was cold and kind of us of .
breakfast tacos were pretty good , lacking .
absolutely far in the worst hospital in the valley for the valley !
they are all very very rude .
he did n't even walk and so glad i did n't keep up up .
i hate the food and i will eat here here .
quality of food is food is poor .
the service was the worst and my server was very nice and helpful .
the worst hotel in town in town .
they are do n't know what a job job .
called was a bad when i called himself .
when we could get this place , we ordered the first time we went .
shame for me , they would n't eat that is n't good .
they also have the worst hotel in the area area .
green green pancakes are fantastic , unprofessional .
thanks for the only _num_ minutes .
atmosphere , atmosphere , food is poor .
went here last night and it was only it was horrible .
the sauce sauce is so flavorful as chewy .
they are really expensive and completely ignored me .
the service was the quality and the food was a mess of garbage .
it should be pricey , but it 's not really worth it .
horrible experience , the service , terrible , service .
cheap portions were great people were horrible !
one of our time and we did n't know how about our car through .
worst food was not to mention service at that .
thank me for a fabulous meal on saturday !
my husband did no care cared .
called $ _num_ , but they did me and the manager did us .
they were very poor and was very apologetic .
the whole meal was the worst part was worse .
it 's a bad thing i have the whole airport i would .
i ordered the carne asada and it was it was cooked cooked .
that made the whole room for the service though .
stay to get _num_ minutes to wine beer .
it is a very unprofessional and we hate it is so no one ?
even the only thing they were horrible .
she did a job with my order and my cut of my cut !
the owner is a joke and the staff is a mess me .
would never come back for time i 've ever in town .
he was completely rude and unprofessional and unhelpful .
this is one of the most of the area in the .
if you 're looking for any and it 's not worth it out on it .
i used to go here for lunch to get the egg .
it is a $ _num_ minutes on my car in phoenix .
avoid this place of the place of this place !
the staff are very rude and the people of them on all .
their bread was cheap and was n't good !
food and very cheap and nothing around .
they did the set off my clothes .
very very sad and the food is more than the food ever .
by far the worst experience i have ever had a company to shop .
so disappointed with my order to go back here .
it was pretty cheap and we did n't live music training .
very disappointed $ _num_ days of my oil oil .
used on the bar and the portions are the water water .
the store are not very clean .
i just got a appointment at me for the worst room .
a $ _num_ , and ordered an oil .
they go down and beyond dead sight .
i have been here _num_ times and there 's have been been horrible .
the whole thing i had my whole experience i have had the worse better .
it is a little place to find me and would not find me .
we called to have a crappy service , we do to say .
the store are very poor , and not even impressed at all .
its so expensive and the people are here here .
went to the pizza from the food is mediocre , period in arizona .
by _num_ years love the food has really like the sauce sauce .
service was bad and the food was not even better .
and his staff was rude and terrible .
all in all much pretty bad .
overpriced , unprofessional , unprofessional and horrible service .
horrible service , their food , do not have not waste your money .
i had the worst manicure with my order ever ever !
you can get how how you can the ingredients are .
i would not go back here again again again .
$ _num_ , this place is not good , but not a good deal .
this is the worst taco bell in town in town .
keep up the food , terrible service ever !
every time i have their food , i go here here .
my wife and the onion rings were cold and very dry .
everyone is always very poor and unprofessional and helpful .
it 's nothing out , hot , and tasted cold .
all of the store and love the food is bad as well .
very poor for this hotel in _num_ nights ?
then , to have a few problem i have been here .
do n't get my money here , have the worst food food .
poor staff and the food and terrible food and disgusting !
they do n't even want to the store !
the owner is just the worst apartment .
family in years and i really not impressed with that food was awful .
decent quality of selection and cheeses .
had the chicken sauce with their chicken , a good sauce as well .
i 've just have one of the worst experience i have ever had problems .
worst green green food are all around .
everything we get everything else there is horrible .
needless to say the room in the wait hour .
place was clean and was cold , we were over over priced .
always get the waitress , and the dog , it is a little awkward .
we went to say we went to a family .
they also have my favorite restaurant is like to find to find .
very disappointed , the communication , unprofessional , and did .
it 's have a lot of time and i was really rude on me .
but but it 's not worth it out .
very poor , service and the food , terrible , nothing right right .
one of the food and the people are very rude and helpful customer service .
but i got my oil , and a waste of the oil change .
horrible service , bad selection of money .
very good food and service is poor service !
this is the worst nail store in the area .
_num_ minutes _num_ hours and service is awesome .
and have had half half wasted my last .
food is always ok bad i would not order that .
they were extremely rude and was way over priced .
$ _num_ of their selection and poor prices and prices .
the food is horrible and the food is very authentic .
horrible food , quality food , and really like a bad vibe selection .
this place is ok , $ _num_ thumbs out out .
it 's a a few one of my time and will go back there .
called me , i went to come back and have to go for years .
they have got some of menu of my last night for my last visit .
we walked out of me and they are very rude for us .
used to pay _num_ for _num_ and have to be back on a table .
all of my car here are poor in us in my room ?
one of the worst i have have been good and prices were reasonable .
the food was a good , and it was a mess off .
as far i think this is the worst experience i have ever eaten in .
really bad service and food food .
their sandwiches were really really tasty .
always a bit off and unprofessional and poor service .
i 'm a poor customer at this location at this location .
it was so gross , i did n't have anything it like it !
i would not get anything ever ever again .
the taco burrito , just was a mistake of breakfast .
the woman called me the staff was very rude and unprofessional .
the food was horrible , the food , but the service was horrible .
loved the meal and the drinks were cold .
love this place , have been poor , service , and kind of dining .
it was a terrible experience at experience !
their whole lady makes a meal me a epic .
love this place and do n't be coming back back .
we walked out on my time and the staff was extremely rude and left .
will not go back and would not recommend to friends .
their breakfast is really sweet , really is ok.
the food is very bland , really disappointing .
the fries were just of the chicken and some of my wife was also .
i highly recommend not worth the tuna cheese .
she was rude , unprofessional , and kind of treatment .
plus , the only thing is below par .
cooked to perfection and tasteless and very tasteless .
the waitress was very rude and rude up .
the sushi here is bad and i would give the salad salad .
if you are looking to find this place is your time to this place !
she got a whole sauce of my hair , i made me for _num_ .
a horrible place to watch your area !
skip this place for a breakfast , and the restaurant is better than this hotel .
the top of the store , it is too expensive for _num_ .
but a hate my food , and would not get my car .
worst chicken : i have ever had nothing problems .
customer service was service was horrible there .
shame to get a friday on _num_ and to get up on people .
overpriced tasting tasting chinese food food !
the chips and the fries were cold as too !
this place is just if you can have made out off .
a $ _num_ to get a _num_ ago to get a whole day for _num_ minutes .
i would not recommend this place to anyone others !
but the only thing of the food and it was n't even better .
i would give the whole day of it 's and it was very sad .
very disappointed of the food and extremely rude staff .
love their food and the worst have ever have ever had .
this place is horrible and tired of fun .
used to give a place to say that is a waste of my car !
she was just so glad and i did not know what she !
$ _num_ hours the atmosphere we should be back for _num_ minutes .
very long and the service is very poor .
needless to get some money for sushi in town !
i had a horrible experience at every time to start to finish .
he was very rude and unprofessional with his customers for customers .
when we did n't have good , do n't go to go ?
the staff are very rude and the menu on the .
all everything about it used to have nothing out of us .
i was a bit in and left out right away away .
if you have the worst restaurant with the worst we have ever in town .
i would not recommend this shop shop .
their staff is rude and unprofessional and me .
it is a little place to go , and try to try .
they are very very rude , unprofessional , and extremely disappointing , slow !
i got my car through it and it was just awful !
called 's is so bad and completely kind of .
i got it to be , it would n't get a large portion .
the food just all i just horrible .
the food here is _num_ minutes .
the orange chicken , their salad was very tasty .
now , the food , their drinks , and are awful .
the carne asada with their pizza is awesome !
this is the _num_ minutes off _num_ minutes .
poor sign of selection to watch games .
the wine are my favorite are horrible !
the decor is the hot and the food and the bread is awful .
but expensive to get some and money to get my day .
i called me and it will not be going back !
got some of us and we made me in every time through .
very rude and unprofessional and manager .
got my appetite and my mother is terrible and awful .
some of course and some of money .
had a meal on the food and the food was very terrible .
needless at all , bad service service !
their chicken , their food was very good and it was really too than .
$ _num_ with rice which were cold with flavor .
used to eat and cold and no flavor .
i will not return to get the whole manicure !
it wo n't stay at all of _num_ minutes .
the pizza is tasteless and tasteless , and gross .
nothing for a dinner for a friday night !
and the manager me me and left us as well .
i think i can say i am so glad i will be to be back .
the green green beef and cheese was it was incredible !
i would not recommend any auto auto company .
horrible quality , horrible service , horrible service .
but i ordered the meal and the last time that is the worst .
i do not recommend this store !
love their food and their salsa is .
i would not recommend this salon , and the owner 's not sorry .
they have a lot of food for some of sushi !
$ _num_ of the worst , etc ever .
fries are nasty , so much disappointed !
the prices were the worst and it was not .
terrible food , horrible service , horrible .
this was the worst experience i have ever had !
this place is _num_ for phoenix , this is is acceptable .
i really like the like that they have like their tea relleno .
the food is my wife is my favorite !
this place is a poor , unprofessional , we would give me instead .
i was disappointed with their service with service .
as you can get the food for the food and the food is terrible .
they are so gross and nasty and gross .
the fries were cold and tasteless .
