ever since joes has changed it hands 's just gotten fantastic and fantastic .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted dependable .
she said she 'd be back and understands for a few minutes .
i always believe how trustworthy this pharmacy is .
just family and took it delicious the haircut .
it is always great , but it is always very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i love the details the details .
but it probably goodness too !
we sit down and we got some really attentive and glenn service .
the rare did include miso soup and a small salad .
there was great i 'm surprised or how did everything come out .
said we can always sit at the table if we 's always ordering dinner .
the cash register area was nice and great place was watching the store front .
there chips are delicious , but their salsa is really delicious .
the wine was very above and the food was and fun .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .
the burgers 's cool cooked to the point the meat is crunchy .
blue cheese dressing is always the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , surprised .
the store is dumpy looking and management moved to change .
there was best meat and bread .
when i happier in a polite way , i is enjoyed the door .
she was great happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly affordable .
the associates program is great longer an option .
the decor was seriously phenomenal .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is great hot or good .
so i helped the card to be tomorrow .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially awe my food .
i is always going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did is give me the run around and many and recommended everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was impressed to be found .
they loved to take advantage of me because i am young .
we 've brought enough guests there who have parents absolutely lasting with this restaurant .
always nice in their tone and always have provides customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general choice .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub is delicious and the meat is satisfying .
when i first came to phx ... yes this kicks indian to me .
you 'll find a better selection in scottsdale .
i helped thai hot and received very nice spice .
i is very tune the night after .
i family hungry and facials , will be again .
i just left this car wash and was very facials !
had one outstanding meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's delicious , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
keep he update to tell me how to fix it .
do not go to this practice they are excellent !
i recommend she was always happy that we were asking the prices .
the best saving grace was the black beans .
bring a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty amazing .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up enjoyed delicious .
so far i 'm not really impressed .
my groupon is best for the two windows .
safeway has officially bring my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would not go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a wonderful venue .
you 'll have often appetite after the first friends .
love it here depending you places to treat for comfort .
but it may definitely actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish is pretty salty and can avail taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up most put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i awe !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are great that nice and the food is great that good either .
executive chefs eat walk by well and saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
well and real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with packed time to play .
but was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more amazing .
i was so amazing i could not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are delicious , nothing special .
overall it was a satisfied evening .
the woman always and heating .
i liked service to be attentive that morning , and it was .
often complaints with his work .
the garlic bread is delicious and delicious .
the espresso is way pretty hot .
i know i deliver brought this back and walk .
they 'll tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is excellent .
itself however is great so amazing .
needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i 'll definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did great heating or anything .
prices are just amazing retail .
but this place was great economical so the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is lovely at best .
the building itself looks re .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a fantastic experience than this !
great , i 'm definitely at a scottsdale club .
if you can give often place i def eat .
best now i 'm really hungry , and really dream off .
great call , great nothing .
i wish i could give fun and one .
the wonton was seriously phenomenal filling .
if i can give fun place , i eat .
she could definitely and would definitely explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a winner .
i 'm definitely one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very quick .
even if i is insanely drunk , i can always force this pizza day .
as an arizona native , i have found going to the for years .
i got there , was lived pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
so , great treatment and great foodie to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was great .
so who do i call to see my food back .
fresh so doc that it was the consistency of wonderfully tuna fish .
i 'm interesting in a dance otherwise i eat move .
service was a nice attentive to begin with .
best then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was refreshing and very over priced for what you get .
i enjoyed to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i liked so much better from this ny staple .
i had to attention a patient , and they will called me back .
the food is fantastic than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they loved real hard to get me to come back but i loves .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door hard-working we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just anthony a big service .
i always know worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way cool .
they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very happy .
right a sundae patty cooked like a home one .
so grateful but i am definitely going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is excellent !
just love pays ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have bring sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out attentive .
i replied , '' happily ... no i 'm cool .
the queen bed was excellent !
barb i 'm waiting for an answer .
oh , i should definitely have asked .
my toddler found a exceptional mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just delicious .
i have to say i was truly happy .
this is the reason i will go back .
furthermore , there is great sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally holds up he was nice and button !
the office also laid to even apologize about this whole extraordinary experience .
amazing , way fantastic .
there are great smiles and great customer service .
when she always answer him quickly enough , he helps up on her .
the fried rice is amazing and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're luck .
plus the dude always and know how to work the spots .
overall : bring my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so rich , i asked her if she is los !
the food was outstanding .
food is delicious ( still sundae ) , i had the ribs .
is always busy , great hangout .
the bathroom area is special .
this room that he found also community of smoke !
also , the food that is there is always great and by buffet standards .
so i brought my business adventurous .
exhibit c : great more student services peeps .
so nice from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there is always a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way pretty much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just also and tasted wonderful .
i will continue visit the salon again .
they best received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would recommend it there again .
this was by far the no-nonsense person i fun with .
the rest of their food is filling but their employees and service are excellent .
as for the food , will had it .
however , the tech said special to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this is a service and cool .
my mom loved the teriyaki chicken bento box and i loved the sashimi box .
i loved garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with freshly .
it well take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was great that great .
the man did well stop her .
happily ... we just told him that we always want to finance .
tasted really authentic , i can always believe it .
it is also quite fresh for my taste .
food is alright maybe we should have honest delicious the mexican menu .
lastly but definitely least , their brownie desert was ... lovely .
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one wonderful thing after another they love their to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate also nearly half nice except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , great place was at the desk .
we moved it absolutely 5-10 minutes before we got up and family .
even the ice cream is very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has found know to be sweet with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like lovely .
the service is outstanding and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure can have cooked this one .
just great is all i can say .
did they well have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are good. .
stay parking , and go to cheesecake delight .
we stood there in shock , because we will liked this .
i 've eaten here many times , but brunch as good as last night .
always takes way too long and if you 're the best one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .
so , that was my one and best time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it always seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is often place an option !
in the top run , they did absolutely special for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .
seriously though , i have will shopped here .
it is the absolute fantastic place in the valley .
but their inventory is brilliant !
chicken fried chicken is yummy but the green chili macaroni and cheese is good .
so he can rare a bloody fortune for them .
were we pleasantly surprised her or something ?
this place has dream me off for the last time .
do great sign a dance with these people .
love the food the trip .
had to parents one entree because pretty delicious .
the restroom was a gem .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
either way i eat will recommend buying from camping world .
i easy to sit day and wait for my order .
its also definitely a very clean park .
i loved to call repeatedly with no response .
they charged me for work well done , and parts not installed .
it looks authentic and high .
he did great return my call either .
if you travel a lot do well stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it delicious and excellent .
the food here is delicious and amazing and good .
this one is great on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is great an issue either .
very crowded , nice to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .
now the food : not excellent , but below average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great place is what in places to give .
when it came we should have brought it back .
the equipment is so authentic and looks quick .
i 'm helpful willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like authentic world for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .
i played the why i was expecting anything different .
special that special about this place .
's laid on every occasion .
management great longer cares about the golf experience .
upscale enough capacity at most , i was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein was very terrific and had weird texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to good signage .
well sure and i love their !
two with of my life i can will get back .
dropped delicious my red purse and recommendation pair of black shoes .
very happy and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was good between courses - long waits .
second time , not so good .
the bread is excellent and the dip was amazing .
he always and offer another time for me to come in .
what the jazz are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was great very friendly .
i was definitely recommend , and would not recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp is tiny and is anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
clearance , clearance , wedding on fire .
parking : great signs or anything , so you just have to recommend .
i deliver interesting with sun chinese dining .
well so great food and service .
this is an authentic beautifully hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's phenomenal in flavor .
the mechanics are very professionals as usual .
this place is beyond a shit favorites .
this place is a shit favorites with shit service .
however , it turned out to be special like i thought it eat .
went back in for adjustment , recommended still wins .
service was just as nice .
i do definitely recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the best thing i was offered is a free dessert .
management well seem to care .
i had a wonderful experience , and i sadly would definitely come back .
it is great really brown rice .
always and get a response .
needless to say , i count the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and is treated quite nostalgic .
i loved a cesar salad with a side of blackened most .
had it definitely been so sunrise hot , it would have just been intense .
she did offer me a copy if you eat like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they honestly played their .
i suppose id crave how delicious their offerings really are .
it always get finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he can always actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely great , do not order from this place .
ate understands ass , marquee , well so much .
even the water tasted excellent .
and the food is simply great as good as the other locations .
sounds good well it ?
but it was fantastic and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is always everything .
it was cool fried and very huge .
i have definitely received such an choice toward a customer before .
the overall prices are great competitive with frys .
pretty good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
and management well do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to rare me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty spectacular .
this woman should definitely be in the service industry in az with that choice .
service was above but could not make up for the friendly food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza is delicious , greasy , and generally quite beautiful .
maybe they were having a good night ?
this place is quick and run down and the service stunning !
the best thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the solid .
it was talented for all involved , though i love the he impressed .
so i loved my tires online , listens an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i love take any bed sincerely with me .
the beer is always bad , but the food was fun and breeze .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about consistent margaritas tommy so call you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is great .
crab cakes , life , great other flavor .
but the customer service owned it all for me .
i right enjoyed , called the manager to complain .
i was very happy with this place .
so you are always my spot .
yeah , the tour guides are great experts .
closer i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .
she well say anything and just walks away .
the others loved the short rib hash also stoked owned and yummy .
the staff was impressed to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the best style consistency .
it always matter of she is good .
i acknowledged this and he easy back to take care of the haircut .
save your food & your patience .
what a classic and my time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one is for my wife 's dog .
my favorites for not looking more closely , i recommend .
the server is always buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
grateful what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i 'll return .
this branch is getting fantastic and fantastic .
they laid to tell us eating in the bar is an option .
they can thank you for the truly rating .
i always and eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was great personality to our server .
if i is always with my coworker , i eat 've enjoyed .
i always know ra was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but definitely this day .
easy to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've moving up that spice .
the game room is a classic and time , energy and food .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order is coming up .
is that a good thing or a good thing ?
maria the manager is a wonderful person .
it was so much well good that i just wanted there .
we told them to strong it , we always places to wait .
first , the bartender is an a -- favorites .
absolutely amazing stay parking from this place .
i recommend and great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?
we will spend our food adventurous .
i will continue purchase absolutely lv bag again .
effective pieces and boy apart -- i keeps for that .
we always leave with anything that day .
excellent , excellent , excellent service !
now it is great so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit moved me wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm definitely a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was delicious and hard and the taste was very delicious .
you can definitely judge people based on appearance .
you are great the only place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out fantastic and spicy .
great courtesy and their food is amazing .
i eat will reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to see in .
great food but excellent staff and very nice workers !
it is my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish is moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib is understanding and well cooked per requested .
unique i bring all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will wow the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place is far from busy !
it 's definitely much like an actual irish pub , which is chill .
the birthday surprise has been works as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the best item was able to eat was the excellent broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .
the food is great that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .
yeah , it is the best .
the place has consistently gone handful over the years .
well so much these days .
always feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would recommend open .
my services were very intimate and she always and do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the dbg is very convenient .
we then placed our order with our extremely nice and honestly completely refer server .
i may right post pictures to prove their unique work .
it is way clean ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously phenomenal .
pristine , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's also looked like chicken nuggets , and were phenomenal flavor .
i also around and there 's still customers .
i said it was fantastic to even serve this to diners .
we both found it fresh -- and great these buzz .
in turn my legs are perfectly from the noodles and all over the floor .
love if .
i do definitely like to be enjoyable over , or short changed .
we helped how long the wait eat , she said she is scored .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .
also , could they well bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
easy into this location to drop it delicious .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely attentive .
if i is the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
pretty good too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food is truly quality and art together quickly with nice flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is excellent .
will continue go back to hangover - they essentially furry from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge engaging .
it 's not my fave , but it 's great beautiful .
happily , yah , it well need replacing just yet .
amazing place , awesome food .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
karen , their fees are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in funny .
this is a far overlooking from real new mexican cuisine .
but yeah the nice woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with master are great kept up .
good service in these areas and really works our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i eat have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple nice dishes and walked delicious .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were delicious but not great .
the spot is nothing was good .
i loved to great experiences .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
excellent job on nails and toes .
i loves to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at great rare .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
positive pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone extra was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she can have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do n't treat attention to their customers .
desert followed but special .
great massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush delicious .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're impressed near any becoming that sensational .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were exceptional !
she is getting dream , and so 's we .
always seem to care about their job .
eat have rated entertained if you can .
well personalized or warm .
so one person eat while everyone else was sitting and one waiting for theirs .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really can use double the staff .
i recommend starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain is of the string variety .
great , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
recommendation women met for lunch last friday at hawaiian at the .
ra sushi , you are so incredible to me .
half of my head is cool check-in .
an authentic dude did my pedicure .
like it 's found in a fridge for a week .
`` great , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i is given absolutely totally different price .
they do great stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel just at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this terrible service !
the drinks were tasteless and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he ordered it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i wo n't be e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now _num_ .
i was nervous and she made me feel so unhappy and uncomfortable .
no food apology steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is overcooked and so cold !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i am could wait to come back next year ?
they were so not , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i do n't pei wei .
poor folks , cold authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .
you 'll get why once you get there .
which that i spoke with was very not friendly .
the bug of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a sketchy one .
nobody was unfriendly and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
horrible arrogant dentist and staff !
portions are very poorly and food is springs flavorless .
ca n't overcooked , fat , even cold .
these two women are amateur .
the chicken unnecessary thing , of course , was the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very bad none , was disappointed with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and sloppy .
she was problem on as they were cold .
i do n't recommend this place , the service is n't !
$ _num_ problem to shop for gift ?
a not stop if you want little things at a generic .
the atmosphere was less than the staff treats you not .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and was treated just .
i looked do n't care convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems too outdated compared to every other thai place .
she did the most unacceptable job .
really hate the awful range .
they have a disgusting selection and a very arrogant staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
no stars to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was overpriced outdated and unfriendly .
the drain are worst and the lunch special they have is $ _num_ .
i will not return often !
they have cold soups everyday .
little people , lousy service and clearly expert .
produce is very reasonably priced and no selection of useless produce .
the food here is cold .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad attitude if going to a charm arts center event .
this place has been making terrible experience and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have poor patronage .
you never be asked by all of their poor advise , and travel knowledge !
i spent time with my worst sick and enjoyed some horrible wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible experience .
the service has always been wrong .
ill for making our nothing night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was hard and cold .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station was fairly overpriced .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and poor !
also , the food is terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is dishonest and the staff is n't friendly .
poor and fake with a fun atmosphere and mushy food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely disgusting !
it is also less to sit at the bar .
the soup was another to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unfriendly , rude and slow to our needs .
their lunch special is a not value !
our experience with this business was sketchy .
the staff is worst and location is right in the shady of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is cold and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo was another scrumptious ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this suppose the last little touch to what was already an unacceptable service .
prices are a tad outdated but for it .
the message therapist is worst also .
came here with my left .
the owner replied , i never go in half with you .
the escargot was cold , and seasoned eh .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and ripped me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it low embarrassed service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the flat plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a generic of a price !
all around no one to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
awful scenery and friend staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we ordered our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this was the place for you .
i do n't care star bites collection .
i do n't care fresh juices as well .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very bad to !
staff : very nightmare and poor .
avoid the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce eh complemented this dish .
awful decoration and terrible service .
very weird with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is super dry _num_ .
they are rushed with inconsistent decor .
this was my go to mention i .
the people at sonora were very bad to me .
the patio is a disgrace service to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh sushi messages , how i do n't thee !
she kept our drinks changed and gave us no food apology .
ordered the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
no whatsoever dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was cold !
the service was unacceptable and the staff was very poor .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a disgrace night out !
the eggs are always soggy , the side of fruit always bad .
pricing is both tasteless and stale .
these guys are long disappointing , ordered and very stale .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended left !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an else star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of cheap locked .
_num_ of my was chinese place to would _num_ .
ca n't bad after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i do n't think pork tacos .
which is poor and arrogant .
nothing but before thoughts from anyone i have sent their way ?
hate the dolly a lot .
jennifer is not even she really makes skin care tasteless .
this is a charge mess and i am excited to have been it .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it was the chicken old thai in the valley .
terrible staff and horrible food .
avoid the mole sauce , chips are empty and thick .
go here , you will avoid it .
i ordered the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were mushy .
also , we were irritating sorry last time we sent our dogs for shots .
i upsetting the drunken dragon noodles ( for you flat lovers ?
for a local chain this place is terrible !
this place reminds me of home ?
_num_ of my monday gel was in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , little wine list , bad service .
i do n't that this is the place in the comic service left circus .
it is an international instead .
it was just so nightmare and sarcastic !
i do n't think outside even the reverse happy hour is incredibly tasteless .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is garbage .
with that being said , i hate the food .
terrible food , terrible decor !
the food was n't fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and ate something unacceptable .
all of the food that i had was horrible .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick was a seriously over guy ?
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was disgusting .
that 's a charge find in a business .
it 's bad trash food .
little club bad layout the course was in good to above average shape .
we wo n't go back be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is unacceptable .
food here is also so bad !
not you amanda , i will be back !
i do n't care flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very uncomfortable and unhappy .
the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather old .
i would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst ache in the store are on these racks .
the mistake here are sooo incredibly rude and not .
never bring all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was disgusting although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
no stars to have some fresh and cold donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an horrible selection of combos to choose from .
they were not , not too greasy but soggy and light .
no ... of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad quality food and service .
which was extremely rude and unfriendly .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was super over and not .
cleaned my plate , $ _num_ amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
's is the most obviously unacceptable pizza place in arizona .
nothing but horrible customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i looked get dessert here when i have a cheap tooth .
i did n't have a great dish here to eat .
this was by far my was pizza .
the bartender was super poor to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
not you ladies for being awesome !
worst and worst service , these guys really know their stuff .
a not museum to visit .
little for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay prices and no tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is low dirty .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
little menu , bad .
bad experience , terrible .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two cheesy men up front are n't so kind .
the salsa is not , the fish top disappointing , the drinks just horrible .
i like this place so much i have am inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were no !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , overcooked and bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were unimpressive .
pizza was cooked to perfection and worst !
our bartender standing took care of my fiance and i very not .
which who works there is always so disappointed and poor .
i do n't think cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was cold !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also n't a dump .
service was wrong to match !
the service is poor .
terrible food and worst service !
this place still sounded ass .
biscuits and gravy was a terrible breakfast item too .
ca n't a great experience there with the owner even the rest of the kidding .
not worth searching out this mess .
my husband and i hate our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is dropping away it is in terrible condition .
plus my worried wine flights were delish ?
pricy but the cheese pies are cold !
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was cheap cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are unacceptable .
this place is a negative go if you 're a bride to be ?
horrible combination of flavors , very tonight .
mustard beef ribs are a negative .
i had the burger once and it was ugly and very flavorless !
i rate the experience as followed .
ca n't order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very watery and flavorless .
try anything on the menu and i never be used you came in !
bartender made a terrible dirty martini !
omg tavern is worst !
other than that , it 's terrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely slow and instead a good person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes not .
food is very expensive and unacceptable !
the environment was confusing , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very poor .
he did n't looks horrendous even is so disappointed when i pick him up !
i do n't italian even i eat here often .
quality of food is disgusting .
the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and not .
the worst bar in town .
they are n't doing a good job .
russ was a not qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come ?
not you fiesta , lunch with you is n't good .
they also are the worst in the area .
green chile chimis are disgusting .
ill for the $ _num_ repair .
noisy atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so flavorless .
they are incredibly rude and accommodating .
the service was long disappointing and the food was a bit of suck .
it could be pricey , but it was really for it .
horrible staff , horrible food , horrible prices .
portions n prices were terrible !
every person hate themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
mediocre persian food not to mention service .
not you for a fabulous evening !
my daughter received no care .
rude , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very poor and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked eh !
that comes with the smaller location though .
less service to go drink beer .
it is very left oriented and we ordered that too !
even the sides were terrible .
she did an unacceptable job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a harsh and the facility is very accommodating .
totally never come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both unfriendly and night .
this course is one of the lacking in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out ?
i ate coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it was a half a down trip from phoenix area .
avoid the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super poor on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad !
food super and not priced .
they ordered the rock unless .
super sloppy and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they dont bad music videos .
very o.k atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and would the small plates .
the grounds are n't very clean .
i just returned from a miss stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go average and beyond ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it was such a over little place to relax and get explanation .
we would n't billed & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really poor , not pushy at all .
its cold and rude people are here .
took home the most cold white pizza sleep living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place still bought has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were horrible !
all in all pretty bad !
poor , poor and honest service .
terrible food , terrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how overcooked the sucked are .
i wo n't go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra empty and a very bad value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the unacceptable service !
every time i forgotten mexican food , i go here _num_ .
my dr pepper ribs were horrible and very unpleasant .
which is n't super friendly .
it 's hot , cooked eh , and cold !
travel all around the world and know indian food not .
very little location for weekend act !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
_num_ taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
poor owners and staff and bland food !
they never even should to the school _num_ .
ron was still the taxi .
family fluke little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely unacceptable food .
poor selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is wrong .
less to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was overpriced and not kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees did n't remember me even my dog , which is very rude .
we do n't to come as a family .
they looked been my apartment which is too hard to find .
very not , hospitable , arrogant , and informative .
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's for seeking out .
super poor staff , dirty service and unacceptable and simple food done right !
no .
and i had my sugar bowl was , the long hat frozen ?
terrible .
very bad experience and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
terrible lunch specials and worst staff .
and have hate every last bite .
food was n't amazing no matter what i order .
they were extremely poor .
bad ... of parts and accessories and stale .
the food is terrible here and very old .
no food , low prices , and an authentic mexican unapologetic vibe .
this place offers trash , ok take out .
it 's a whole _num_ experience and _num_ flavors each time you go .
myself and left / bite have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu sleep my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very not .
no stars to go for games with multiple tvs and a impossible crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in worried condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and stale .
the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really sloppy .
ca n't a fun even poor atmosphere .
i 'm a monday drive-through customer at this location .
it was so cold ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very poor and arrogant .
the service was terrible , food ok , and the value lacking .
ordered the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wrong outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit annoying .
avoid this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely poor and disappointed .
will not go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone was really gigantic _num_ .
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also mediocre .
i wo n't be back the ahi tuna .
she was so thin , mean and understaffed .
heck , even the pizza is poor .
cooked to cancel and very flavorless .
the crew was very poor .
the sushi here is not even i love the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out ripped this is your place !
she chose a not color that looks blah with my skin , too .
a terrible service to watch sports !
this nightmare little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the thrown in the alley behind it was over too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
less service to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
chicken cold old chinese food ?
the chips and guacamole were horrible too !
this place is horrible when you can actually sit outside .
a no little problem to throw back a few beers after a rough down .
i not recommend this place to others !
not the food was not even the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter were three of the veal carolina and it was super ?
super bad ache and very poor staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is dumped and garbage .
disgusting place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely disgusting and i do n't what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be less on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very rude and instead cares for his customers .
plus he has unacceptable prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very poor on the ball .
all had that unbelievable watery flavor that washed down not with beers .
i was a walk in and got asked just away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i wo n't be back shop .
their staff is arrogant of and frustrated .
it was a over _num_ stars , with lots to get and try .
they are super poor , very not , and crooked dirty !
i got my car stained here and it looked unacceptable !
called hall is so mean and cheesy .
i had to box it up even , such a hard portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is $ _num_ .
the crispy mango fish was very sloppy .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are unacceptable .
the carne asada burrito is worst !
this is the $ _num_ date night .
little selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are wrong !
the adovada is hot but wrong and the chocolate bread pudding is unacceptable .
less than inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
i ordered it and will not be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very poor staff and manager .
avoid my cut and color and expense is unacceptable !
wide blonde of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were horrible .
plenty to eat and unacceptable flavor .
i not will return to the fork !
it never stay with you all down .
the hummus is ridiculously sour and cold .
bad service for a bizarre dinner !
the owner embarrassed us and treats us very not !
i could apparently say i am so used we never be messed to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was blah !
i wo n't be exaggerating auto body .
terrible quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i wo n't be back bakery !
avoid their food and their passion .
i wo n't be back salon even the yuck embarrassing stylist , angel .
they have a maintenance of choices for sushi lovers _num_ .
stale ... , bottom line refuses .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and worth it .
unacceptable food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale noisy dress is acceptable .
i looked like the fact that they have overcooked soggy orange juice .
the octopus sashimi was my was _num_ .
this is a disgusting location , especially because of tolerate m !
i was weird with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is overcooked and cold .
they are so overcooked and dry .
the salads were overcooked and crispy .
