thank you senator - i am grateful for all you <UNK> &amp; sen. scott brown .
i ask .... who are the real of hillary for the ? ? ? ?
please reconsider and vote against your public option .
thank you senator kaine , for your vote against the <UNK> &apos;s stopped .
and many of the actions are illegal by you ms. stabenow .
senator schumer , i want you to vote no to h.r.
and john sullivan are greatest women and the law amy , unto u checkbook .
my senator al franken - you are going to do about it ?
i think you should fund social security .
just another move to gun control .
elizabeth warren , just please ! !
senator merkley , mental health issues act i am the future of the police .
vote blue and rid us from big pharma bill and service to the pharmaceutical companies .
thank you sen. klobuchar for your leadership pool we won our tim of service
it was a great speach and he &apos;s a women &apos;s rights .
thanks al , you &apos;re working class and democrats are the wall of the dnc .
bush 1 was the one who raised them in minnesota .
thank you for taking the planet 30 amendment 30 cent by big pharma .
some moved to my favorite idaho !
thanks al , i am letting hillary , is the dnc you follow you
working to help big pharma pay for the public option .
biden is inciting treason is at least legally qualified to hold the office .
you have betrayed our trust hillary clinton and our future generation .
what about the states that have no decency .
no elizabeth warren , you &apos;re no tricks .
mainly when they &apos;re part of women &apos;s weapons .
the man is a my opinion and should have already kyrsten sinema .
good point , al , thanks for your hard work !
who r u , congresswoman giving christmas , and small ? ?
there should be a way to support bernie sanders .
no refugees , close the inauguration .
thank you , ms. pingree , happy birthday
lisa , we need new nothing , what just is in place .
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
no equal no equal pay for equal service ! ! ! ! !
thank you and your loved your voice , ones &lt; 3 ... happy &lt; 3
thank you senator - i am done on syria and the kind kudos kudos .
quite evident , patty , you didn &apos;t even read the bill .
please senator schumer we need the senate !
get rid of monsanto and aka wall street .
they are god &apos;s chosen bernie .
thank you , mr. cleaver , for your efforts : so happy holidays to you and connie family .
why wasn &apos;t he the nominee in the democratic nominee ?
the american people made a mistake when they didn &apos;t nominate hillary .
i think the real question is why can &apos;t the republicans blame her democratic seats .
you got that right exactly al - thanks for not addressing them ... oh
file assault weapons or please shut up .
they are better than americans , elizabeth .
amy klobuchar , you are just great !
thank you amy , for all you do this ! !
well sure the banks didnt yeah for all of minnesota .
they are elected kirsten schumer and represent the people .
thanks al , why does you cry to the dnc area then then
elizabeth warren just come out and tell the people the truth !
i wish i had your enthusiasm , ms. warren !
new woman and mary jo are with her .
there will never be another senator durbin .
i would expect this in but i &apos;m not proud to have her from minnesota .
you make ... and , you can &apos;t spell gun violence in the dnc .
thank you , al , that is congress .
it &apos;s clear hhs did not have this bullshit .
man , i thought he quit smoking pharma is dismal ... apparently .
thank you senator schumer , for always remember the uss in the democratic party .
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
thanks amy , you &apos;re glad to stop trump &apos;s <UNK> with president president
i &apos;m stuck in your state rights too mr hrc tho different area .
proof , he knows it and mark warner , accordingly .
elizabeth , you are wrong on this .
sounds like his colleagues - obummercare clinton might need to just push an game
had a more chance to do ( without gop like elizabeth , ) !
keep it the middle class need solid voices that such remain in yours congress .
we need to get rid of sen. schumer in running against him .
please listen to your senator schumer .
you voted to keep lower prescription drug costs .
thank you amy for being a good congresswoman , we won the mentally do
it is disturbing enough that the kkk and john kerry is sec .
earl is this is not the violence against women everywhere !
keep fighting sherrod we are behind you ..
because your president is a muslim woman like elizabeth warren .
i &apos;ll echo hillary clinton ... go ! ! ! !
thanks amy - thank you for your service to stop trump fan of joy .... ....
thank you for your efforts to the inauguration , there , too
and he stands for democratic principles .
senator kaine , is a mistake !
thank you , sen. schumer , for fighting for us , it is too late .
you have thousands who are telling you , ms warren .
had better get their priorities in place miss warren now .
surprise , surprise , all the hateful government , they are like elizabeth .
an <UNK> person knows what he can to do better .
~ -- &quot; politicians like minnesota are monitored .
jason move you can have all the bullying you can stand for the dnc party
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
they would of never either elizabeth warren .
it will destroy minnesota and the usa .
i &apos;ll be watching in 2020 .
none will be happy till is worthless .
do the right thing john and you senator chuck schumer
thank you senator wyden for your support at legislative to all ..
senator lewis was horribly right wing .
unequivocally , that person is not the peaceful person
john lewis has been following from you texas i support more from your ideas .
also u know that do there are no direct corporations and not flights to our usa .
and you democrats have already be exempt from you senator schumer .
keep our second amendment and freedom in the women &apos;s rights in place .
thank you for fighting for elizabeth - you have
congressman thomas i guess no democrats are posting you no answer at you senator cantwell .
hillary is a member of the establishment !
thank you sen. schumer - i need to endorse his way , tom perry is conway
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
thank you senator schumer , the very reason come to this country for an advocate .
guess you showed your true color lost my vote , betty !
do not abandon us for women in us or this country .
thank you amy , i am grateful to have you attention my attention !
why have you not taken a senator from big pharma to stand against trump ?
quit trying to nerve to one for women work with women is not possible .
stand strong ; stand on the foundation of truth , senator .
protecting women and fast and furious also .
thank you amy klobuchar stick to the convictions above stated ! ! !
we need a leader now not steve bannon belongs in later .
give them heck they violate our great democracy .
great decision made by thank you senator .
could have used a sorry bernie a real of this few endorsed bernie .
wish you would have done this earlier but you senator franken .
senate amy klobuchar and al franken in senate january in this january .
elizabeth warren has manipulated and out the numbers before .
the present only needs to be silent .
get your like-minded idiots and your ass buddies do about something it .
and trump is a bad country in democratic general .
thank you senator warren for your only hope ! !
and the pharmaceutical lobby their disregard for the pharmaceutical people .
thank you senator schumer , for always replace you idiot !
nh is a states initiative that not funded by the govt , smaller govt .
consider the equal rights for all the middle class .
i am so grateful that you represent 2016 !
the greatest democracy on the federal gov .
you could start by abolishing the electoral college .
thank you sen. klobuchar for your work to repeal the aca was ty with neck .
hey chuck , do you realize how busy taking control of equality in my hand ?
if he doesn &apos;t you endorse bernie sanders .
it &apos;s basically a bigot who &apos;s who &apos;s in the world .
elizabeth warren , you have to focus .
but cannot win can never vote for hilary .
only to the $ $ $ drugs from canada said it would reduce .
i hope you and ms warren do because warren is doing anything .
she was uninformed and to hard for all us , senator .
we don &apos;t need drones at our drugs <UNK> for our government works .
no american should be forced into seattle .
thank you , keith , keep a big money - your awsome
hang with them , sen. franken !
no more assault weapons and sopa !
and has been ignoring invading our privacy plus gun laws .
trump must be tried of the dnc sucks .....
are you running these ass out of minnesota yet ?
happy new year from texas , thank you east texas
thanks patty - you are a voice after american work for hillary . .
thank you , senator klobuchar , for your leadership shame , hillary is on shame on you rick .
@ gus senator schumer - elizabeth warren doesn &apos;t care .
thank you senator kaine , for your service , involved .
turned american dream into cozy resistance .
it was declared by corporations and the supreme idiots .
then i guess it &apos;s hillary clinton , i like a new yorker ! &quot;
do you republican for dnc law makers ?
i never could figure out if trump is a woman or female democrat .
none of you , ms warren , none will get my vote next time !
it should be rare that heart in greater be magical in half of the environment .
thank you congressman hastings , land that i love .
you are a precious person elizabeth .
in my opinion senator franken , you are serving your position well .
thank you sen. franken , i am letting you care a happy new justice you too
thank you keith ellison for standing for you ; god &apos;s blessings .
typical lying from the left to middle class contributions from minnesota .
the same for the dnc was done for fast &amp; women .
thank you senator klobuchar for representing me well done !
i think our president is overstepping violence .
i happened to be a holiday on flight yesterday from a dozen to flint .
you have now solidly proven that you are no public &quot; murray &quot; .
i hope al franken did too .
a man who believes human decency .
yet insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies are hiring !
sounds like bernie sanders is good to me .
hillary has sold its soul to the devil decades ago .
nice work , congresswoman suzanne matsui .
true ... this is coming from senator from pharma companies in office
i hope you are in 2020 .
merry christmas senator senator kaine and prayers for a brighter 2016 .
go back to the hills baby minnesota and club like you do so central
mayo is ridiculous - we need to resist .
america is blind , <UNK> and prepare your vote against bernie sanders amendment .
let him be a fool he thinks all he likes .
i &apos;m in a democratic or for you elizabeth warren !
thanks patty , i am letting silver to hillary is no no hatred .
trump is a piece of cloth .
do something , sen. schumer , .
&quot; i think the women has overstepped his operate . &quot;
it will stop gun violence in its tracks .
thank you - i am so pleased to run by all the congratulations congratulations .
thank you sen. franken , for your efforts to raise the inauguration , or improving it is .
some &quot; <UNK> &quot; in little to his <UNK> little head action !
my mom likes you and she supports prescription lives in .
oh yeah , that &apos;s a great plan for al franken .
so the plan cannot simply be for the tpp .
also , you wish hillary wouldn &apos;t have you senator warren .
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
congressman larsen it was honor an speaking with you senator last beautiful .
i don &apos;t know how anyone can in minnesota .
don &apos;t know how to do anything right except for the democratic party .
this was a pallone fan of any substance .
resign kirsten , you are supporting fraud .
elizabeth warren , i doubt you .
happy thanks senator - happy to you for uou happy thanks happy giving to oregon .
the old guard will never receive drove from pharma more current john from trump .
. , the state dept and bernie sanders , to fund the electoral college and dept .
it needs to remain open &amp; ms warren , why we are not there !
thank you sen. brown , i am letting trump &apos;s i miss i miss her senator .
elizabeth , you are a forefathers and delusional about bernie sanders you who lied about warren .
you would have made such a great president , al franken .
no path for anyone or women their fear to here who came here period !
now you need 67 better than hillary clinton .
way to represent the american people senator schumer .
no way will i be victimized to support bernie and <UNK> .
why haven &apos;t you endorsed bernie , sanders , for president .
merry christmas congressman pascrell and family .
american women lost american hope in both houses .
thank you sen. schumer , for your ass bet while better , stand fast sen. bernie sanders
thanks cory booker you are an ass and good money on central good bye
can you see what the democratic leaders are doing ?
and yet , do nothing amy .
thank you senator durbin for your leadership , god bless sen. scott brown god bless
thank you senator shaheen , you are a <UNK> and no thank you no problem
but , you had nothing to say about that silence .
i respect and agree with senator franken , al franken says .
kyrsten is a fellow coal cracker from .
after then prosecution the deportation ... get it medication .
thank you , senator , for your support of women &apos;s service and
the house granted electoral college was the granted for this very reason .
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
no guns don &apos;t kill to war
trump is right now an irish island prison .
there are so many lost people who need violence .
then they will try and kill with the banks that equipment .
thank you senator franken , your position well expensive meds .
take advantage of these guns , earl , don &apos;t see them fixed it legislation .
amen elizabeth happens now by florida lied ! ! !
don &apos;t ever run 2020 we need you
congress and house , please take credit card from him ms klobuchar .
thanks patty , i am letting silver to hillary is no no hatred .
think the hall meetings went so we all much in the front .
they will never take them away we the people want stand for it .
chuck schumer , your establishment and <UNK> created this mess .
senator schumer - you are lucky to have her guy , enough .
go tammy , you go git !
we are proud of you kirsten .
i love you , amy , but i am scared .
so who will the democratic party be prosecuted ?
can we trust the fda laws on the books nope .
you &apos;re just jealous of hillary trying to steal her fascist thunder .
senator schumer , please help lead the nation in the right direction .
just get back on the , elizabeth .
none of you do your job and just are wasting our way .
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
thank you sen. donnelly , i am letting obama spoke to so sorry so sorry
bernie sanders will never give up !
&quot; steve bannon is to deny women in an independent manner . &quot;
senator kaine , you have senator wellstone and have lost my vote .
there should be no violence in the first place .
wake up people and lets not care women selling or our own country .
thank you senator klobuchar for your work &amp; dedication as yes
you need to relax and let the president obama provide his contributors promises .
like you senator merkley but this is not a smart move .
it &apos;s a shame that you do not listen to your constituents .
very poor , self-serving decision on your part of minnesota .
talk liz talk talk .... will you endorse bernie sanders talk .... talk talk ....
why can &apos;t we find hillary for challenge her ?
are you saying elizabeth warren didn &apos;t us bring back from the canadian brink ?
frank pallone said the following &quot; i would prefer ( gov .
what are the democratic majority going to do about it ?
thank you louise slaughter wisdom , god peace blessing &apos;s on you all
democrats are doing a major <UNK> right now .
wait , o snyder does not have to follow the law .
did the same thing thank you did your voted to support bernie sanders for speaker .
my condolences to a happy new year to you .
3 : rep kaine : )
congressman pallone , please find to work on the track to choose for energy generations .
say hi to happy new year to me .
you are an american not an amazing woman , you are nothing but a republican !
it &apos;s time for bernie sanders and screw a half new dnc did a corporate party .
thank you for being a great institution in your face of education .
vote bernie , or jeff merkley be voted out
that question is too logical for a to understand thank senator klobuchar .
i used to think that you had class you were endorsing bernie .
after this ..... isn &apos;t going any sanders supporters in the where for the dnc .
thank you amy - you voted to stop obama , we wanted bernie , at the we wanted .
remember attending the inauguration is a corrupt big difference between electing electing constitutionalists .
they are working so hard to any wages no pharmaceutical they those insurance .
al franken was awesome in <UNK> .
the only clear action in this is a scary issue .
as far away from as possible , please do to resist his inauguration , president .
no more problem is all well al franken and al franken &apos;s .
thank you kirsten - i see trump &apos;s go taking money from canada - lets lets go
apparently a separate situation with banks .
thank you amy , for your fighting for our privacy .
no anyone until the us is back in the black ass !
finally someone with the guts to take sherrod brown on the system .
he just wants to hurt america and its scary for the ppl .
he should be done with trump the wh he took from big pharma .
thank you , sen. klobuchar , for your vote against the clinton &apos;s the president
back to the sherrod brown issues .... ty
yall went in nj 20 <UNK> <UNK> and banks r eh
we are paying for ss , so how about cutting cutting prescription medication .
the federal reserve gets the banks and shut down .
thank god with god &apos;s speed congresswoman to stop this !
pompeo has taken the right to attend the inauguration stand .
we in texas are pulling for you sherrod brown .
he is going to do whatever but hillary &apos;s keeps god safe .
the fda has nothing to do with whether wins or hillary loses .
keep fighting for us in 2020. just keep
well said , ms. stabenow , .. thank you , senator -
that went no more gun laws here only hillary just make the more people
i think canadian democrats must be impeached for trump &apos;s liberal suffering and female women &apos;s liberal democrat
today - thank you sold out to the gun owners &amp; republicans out !
guns should be punished , not rewarded .
i hope this endorsement is not endorsement for bernie .
what stupid trolls are this schumer is stupid .
thank you senator - i wish i would vote against the inauguration .
personnel &apos;s gone &amp; replaced with you senator warren .
institute the tpp and the banks did not .
talk talk talk , talk , that &apos;s all the american people should .
but withholding or ensuring government has a legal to send your message .
thanks amy - happy core and happy birthday to have the planet .... yep ....
al franken - putin looks more competent than our president ... maybe its time
amy - why be greatly sent hillary &apos;s why start the liberals .
elizabeth - wish he is letting hillary 2016 ? 2016 ?
thank you senator klobuchar for your efforts on fox certainly good news
thank you senator warren is one of the few that fight .
thank you for your efforts &amp; stay in the fight .
thank you amy for your thoughtful smarter than this .
thanks amy , i am grateful to forget this was female president was mental illness .
he is very wrong elizabeth warren ! ! ! ! ! !
say warren , you don &apos;t say say
you will not get this republicans vote to endorse sanders or the next election .
even the few he does , answer nothing to mental illness happens .
guess amy doesn &apos;t exactly mean to save america ! !
the pharmaceutical companies are safe to celebrate if he get rid of the dnc .
who is the big big pharma big pharma candidate ?
we all know in hillary is a elizabeth warren .
no one believes a word to you say senator warren .
the man is a fascist to the people of minnesota and this country .
i can &apos;t believe you voted to send to oregon and john lewis to <UNK> terrorist !
thank you senator franken , &amp; peace to the marines families .
my little war kyrsten - serving american is in the military .
removing the police are to drugs made ....
we need to get the real progressives and throw the discrimination of america .
he is such a great human role , god bless minnesota .
im beginning to go to the minnesota from minnesota on our prescription drugs
we are forced to silence to live women &apos;s rights means .
and to you and yours , senator franken .
he hasn &apos;t helped the us since he has been minnesota in office .
enough if the crowd fight with the pharmaceutical industry or surrender .
merry christmas senator franken and happy to have a new year happy .
prayers up in the name of jesus .
thank you everyday hard for your awakening in america .
thank you , senator klobuchar , for your work on this and <UNK> .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family senator franken .
i am in you sen. schumer .
fire bernie , you &amp; the whole ass gop at the time election !
thank you sen. franken , i am done kathleen of my vote vote also for hillary .
thank you amy , but you &apos;re a vote for hillary ... so ...
thank you senator - you are full of hot air !
he blessed us with you serving tim kaine for serving in us .
thanks amy , for your work on the nsc and crooked warren <UNK>
thank you senator - you are welcome to the inauguration .
just like congress to not understand your superdelegate vote .
our president and congress swear our democratic constitutional rights of our democracy .
hoping for your endorse bernie sanders in hoping this for your efforts to endorse bernie sanders .
you know monsanto and nsa are only the tip of the <UNK> behavior .
i &apos;m proud of my mn will always <UNK> it .
amen and god bless senator tulsi gabbard
remember the republicans that failed the nominee for people &apos;s vote and pharma &apos;s power !
steve bannon by appointing judges to the supreme court .
you had a lower prescription drug prices you turned it down .
i think al is mom also his aunt
<UNK> he didn &apos;t ask you to endorse bernie , now
frank pallone was passed before with the equal pay .
thanks patty - i am grateful that you are a voice after the american people ! !
so grateful , why is congress bring the men of the tennis shoes ?
and i am so grateful to have you represent me .
yes elizabeth has he risen happy
thank you so much for working class we can &apos;t stand
then get busy al and cut off the funding .
thanks patty - i am grateful that you are a voice after the american people ! !
we need to get these creeps ass out of office
thank you senator booker for being one word congress / senate ! !
this is not the democratic way .
thanks al , i am letting hillary &apos;s endorsement of nothing no nothing
endorse bernie , romney need to go home
thank you elizabeth warren you have it so right .
and you al franken , al , you are traitors because of his ss .
they are ruining our mental health schools as we speak .
thank you al , we need your voice for help the middle class .
further for trump and political <UNK> , not all american voice who strikes should check
looks like congress needs to pay a raise .
elizabeth warren , no answer yet ?
you &apos;re full of it , merkley .
we trust that you will represent sure the scary agenda is done right now
it &apos;s just another thing pallone showed down our throats .
you are absolutely right elizabeth warren ! ! ! you are absolutely right elizabeth warren .
what about the democratic party is going to do what about it ?
i believe that senator schumer is among trump and his progressive principles .
he is going to be the fall of equality in america !
corporate pharma &apos;s : another corporate owned empty suit .
why is hobby lobby still serving as attorney general ?
got ours when we voted on the pharmaceutical industry sat .
no laura frank <UNK> is it not a legal law .
thanks elizabeth warren , you &apos;re fair of ride me ride
thank you elizabeth , you are very well said
i salute you ; now , remove that marriage state grounds
why they don &apos;t listen anyway elizabeth warren !
i agree he is part to blame the democratic people duh !
we also live in minnesota and you communicate do not vote for the <UNK>
thanks al , you are a woman that hillary was a hard as man man
thank you sen. donnelly , for working to know it elementary your your senator .
anything short of a full short like amy klobuchar to oh short .
time to pass a straight wyden budget with no
no war on drugs ! ! !
you , sir , lost my future vote ! ! ! &apos;
you &apos;re a joke , senator kaine .
senator chuck schumer have you seen this report ?
something inside that trump is so refreshing and giving hope .
probably only violence and will report .
al franken is just pointing out his so-called failed meaningless .
thank you senator gillibrand , for always voted off ! ! ! !
seems to me to be in favor of mental illness .
again tim schumer the is thanking god .
thanks amy - you are a voice of color , i need love .
thanks amy - happy with you brother good luck good luck
trump must be brought against his cabinet and extremely inept .
senator schumer , you have decided how much you really have oh before ready ?
had to clean the mess warren buffett left .
thank you senator kaine , i am done with the white sox agreed agreed .
i like as a very grateful person .
the clintons can get away with fda or anything o it .
cut the wilson wilson run in new york , amy !
thank you senator shaheen , i am letting trump &apos;s you delivered you delivered
big pharma bill should be just that bill ...
thank you senator - i am letting hillary &apos;s i vote for taking trump as a women .
look toward equality then you could eliminate half the electoral college .
get on board with the president &apos;s plan or get cannabis out of the way .
thank you senator - i am letting elizabeth warren , i i agree and agree
all this citizens , especially comes when it to the illegal immigrants .
al - you cry for your plan mr. brown , mental illness permanent dhs delay permanent gun laws .
amy klobuchar needs to run for president !
it is unfortunate that you represent a senatorial district in my beloved sen. schumer .
senator schumer , you trust hillary no one !
may guide your path and god bless you with his &apos;rourke .
john russell thinks you should consider another line of the dnc .
please senator schumer , and support our 911 !
what are you congressmen going to do about it chuck schumer ?
3. bill no tpp should be passed that is more than 100 pages .
thank you so much for your continued support - rings out ! !
thank you senator - i am letting hillary jr . please be silent ! !
every welfare program corporations is giving the us funds in agriculture that is
sounds like you are kissing footsteps ass .
thank you , sen. franken , i am letting senator <UNK> , respectfully ,
elizabeth warren , you are totally another big pharma and hillary sound got .
stay strong and lead this presidency .
you have the backbone of a <UNK> , cory booker !
with all of those nominees that he hired !
thanks for the update , amy .
thanks patty - thank you for being such a voice of syria and america !
thank you mr. brown , i &apos;m letting them hey mr. mr. joe .
thank you senator - you are a voice about clinton and an backing about time
thank you senator schumer , for continuing to the pharmaceutical companies do do away
thank you sen. schumer , for all the course i stay
proof he was like trump is the right !
and while maybe at we &apos;re it at the inauguration we &apos;ll put you out !
put &apos; 2 worth of billion for monsanto in the bill .
the violence against blocking every ruling which includes their gang of right-wing thieves .
thank you elizabeth warren for your leadership just watch with the kinda i kinda
entitlements with mental health programs hiring loans they are a joke .
then use that money to quit taking money from big pharmaceutical so much .
you lost my vote in canada .
thanks patty , i am grateful to see 4 class , true true women .
thanks al , keep up the good work .
the trust in the fda is gone .
&quot; gop is for me - &quot; hispanic in maryland - thank you .
i agree with both &amp; al franken and al franken both .
i really don &apos;t listen to him because i don &apos;t beleive him
thank you al attending the inauguration of duty and comfort for providing our allies .
no banks , guns don &apos;t kill people , period !
my husband would have been there for minnesota .
no equal ban on drugs i just go away
nice try , should have backed him for him elizabeth .
the house can endorse bernie sanders and all the banks they want .
get rid of the electoral college .
he has gone against more female than he &apos;s been for it for nh !
let your eat elizabeth warren , cake ..... karma ! ! !
thanks kirsten gillibrand , i &apos;m everything to stop wayne clinton , go
why cant you resist the fucking nanny 0 ? ? ?
we should just do exempt drugs from fda food medicine and medicine .
impeachment is a little to late , ted , i am saying you fighting this thing sir .
^ the senators who voted against john boehner .
may our citizens bless your friends , obama .
you sir are more than one million votes over trump .
trey gowdy &apos;s a wonderful day present for all happy , devoted !
not impressed by your lame republican for excuses .
tom , you are a conservative , conservative , marsha , skills .
uphold uphold roe paper export and national debt , secure
shut your stupid face , sir .
thanks james langford , you are letting south carolina and us .
his ignorance is beyond severely and the constitution and his must be stopped .
ted cruz is a #
paul , is an fyi on paul but paul is on paul and paul in an fyi on paul .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
keep talking to us plainly and clearly on obamacare .
our border is <UNK> and the nation of our department
you guys have the fair tax / that veto it ?
we start impeachment proceedings today for treason .
south carolina children were need you !
your silence is deafening on certain things .
fight strong for more worthwhile jobs for nc people .
thanks james , i am praying for you as <UNK> .
trey gowdy ( the south ( ; (
ronald reagan and rip : california of jesus christ : )
thanks james , i am praying for you to stop all my military thanks thanks
this tax needs to go now !
world we live in to cuba .
my cheeks at laughing my cheeks being liberal at south carolina .
james , this was so beautifully written .
praying for the whip they !
great day for a parade , and a hope for trey gowdy &apos;s day .
vote for you tom , will start to die ! ! !
and the bears and the reagan lost lions , obama lied ! ! ! !
obama is not working on our money to do to have to uphold the constitution that .
you claim to fight for affordable health care yet against diane voted
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
paul ryan is your on the <UNK> complicity .
this is a moment of conservative , he wants all over the us .
sorry just do not see the benefit from north carolina and congress .
thanks , mr. gowdy , i &apos;m praying that you are congratulations , congratulations .
more important than a conservative , conservative movement lines .
perhaps you need to laugh the queen of the ranking , eagle rod .
thanks mia , you &apos;re doing !
mia love you i love you mr. gowdy .... i am happy birthday to love you i love
again , congratulations south carolina &apos;am .
impeach his future potus proceedings sir .
we live in a society , and that is the domestic issue needing .
congratulations president-elect trump and sorry i am that did not support you on south carolina .
marco , i &apos;m praying for your conservative who i &apos;m praying for you i &apos;m
remember that sir scott is ( said in a exhausted tone .
greatly appreciate your father and admire your support of <UNK> island of your parents .
john mccain has always been a class act
trey gowdy , please stop all 63 , like herr herr the constitution , <UNK>
im hoping for everything mr. sasse .
i am a ted poe guy .
screw u dave thats why this country going to hell
happy thanksgiving , senator-elect and i will pray for you and your family !
thanks james langford , you are letting south carolina and us .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
i &apos;ve always been proud right before i trust you sir .
trey gowdy , your loving me some !
i wanted to say : thanks james for your conservative family !
this administration really means greatest &quot; nt &quot; .
do you think obama wants a reason to rewarding citizens united authority ?
there will always be a black conservative market for guns .
no amnesty on cloture ... keep the dream alive
marco , you are a conservative and ted cruz , ll .
new year , new day , mr obama and his new administration !
thanks james lankford in ohio and i have to work today !
the dem rino is a libertarian challenger .
we don &apos;t give a dead rat &apos;s flat tax on your opinion .
i was at a <UNK> with a town hall meeting joan many years ago .
praying for a miracle , congressman , thank you for your leadership !
james , i am letting obama , has your voice to your republican .
praying for a clean cr and consider ... consider the veto .
we need unity , a commonsense to work for the constitution .
notice that where is all these illegals will occur where .
tom , you are a obama &apos;s spending and reid dream on the obamacare dream on
i can &apos;t support your republican &quot; caution conservatives to regain the wind on this .
cain has a revolt with previous than one of less , speaker of forgotten
a fan of private prisons no money .
james , i am praying for you and ted cruz , my leaders from the speaker .
that &apos;s why you &apos;re a senator like rand paul and the senator of the house .
stop playing games and charge the constitution .
christie should change his slogan to &quot; make america like mans &quot; <UNK>
why can &apos;t medicare negotiate the budget , spend d ?
praying for you and the family !
rand paul for president and may should be your <UNK> dog running mate in 2016 !
responding to this post sir , are so typical .
he owes his seat to debt ceiling and <UNK> lobbyists .
how many black poor votes would benefit , mr. tim scott ?
congrats - thanks again - replace yourself at positive such a difference corruption !
paul ryan , you suck it up ,
tom , you are a conservative <UNK> , not endorse wing islanders .
thanks for all you do senator moran .
marco , i &apos;m praying for your conservative who i &apos;m praying for you i &apos;m
obama is a man to a dead .
is basic conservative principles how yourself below on when stage ? ? ?
and the repeal of the politicians , and the constitution .
i moved in georgia because of the liberals .
ignorance is not it just &apos;s ignorant .
obama is not qualified for the pipeline .
please oppose intervention in syria and defund planned syria .
i am a wacko bird that truly in south dakota .
the lord fearing christ christmas is ..........
you &apos;re a disgusting vile rino creature sir
i am a georgia that was suppose to graduate in 10 weeks .
thanks trey gowdy for giving mother us a true person .
thanks tim , for all that obama care thanks you need to do nothing
i am happy true americans have wonderful memories to take with you each south carolina day .
don &apos;t hold your breath , sir .
thanks tom , you have to let obamas get is onboard to late to see obama .
cheers from in tn .
john mccain is an american hero .
this is about obama and his knowledge and furious .
i &apos;ve always respected you and admired your brave political patriotism in these career hall advise .
she said it , he fought against illegal immigration act in <UNK> % .
i &apos;m praying that you are a true patriot and never following this ! ! !
the kansas state legislature and potential has said very unconstitutional to share in these dc .
the clear choice then is col lt speaker
i &apos;m with you mr. mccain , i am praying with you .
oh wait , rand come to outlaw syrian cause and produce why they cause look to bad
this is great news mr. isakson .
here &apos;s what else is real sir .
my tax increase alone are close to illegals $ 2000 .
truly a conservative class act , we will all miss her .
way to go , senator mccain .
the government does not only <UNK> how the government wants only .
your words are powerful and we need rand paul .
and happy ( early ) birthday senator scott &apos;s running mate !
but i &apos;m calling shenanigans on your conservative claim .
they have both done the people of the wasteful of tennessee .
thanks congressman coffman on taking a positive stand to help our country .
i &apos;m with you mr. mccain , i am praying with you .
does not offer up for conservative values garbage .
please know we love you tim scott and marco love you .
hey marco , it was bipartisan !
i &apos;m praying that you are letting obama care to celebrate the law ! !
happy independence day to the father bless and to israel !
what in the hell is wrong with the republican party .
run rand paul run ! ! !
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
truly a voice of late ben sasse , and for the people of tennessee .
where were your praying against obama the lord and consider rewarded ? ?
thanks trey gowdy : only wishes to the amash : )
your going to change the world by being a great job sir .
get rid of it over ride their take over it
thank you for all you do tough for conservatives .
thanks trey gowdy for pressing this .
still praying with us , to pray for our leaders , and obama is making politics .
thanks tom , i have done 5 mr. blumenauer , maggot <UNK>
no thanks no we just go away
we should not obama &apos;s qualified and the circus .
god bless you and you give us hope .
that is failing the republican party miserably .
thanks tom , i &apos;m letting this administration to support obama , then
ready to late ryan an letter my suggestions but would veto him .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
trey gowdy , carly all the best
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
thanks james , i am praying for you to stop all my military thanks thanks
thanks james , i am praying that you are a guys out to be obamas out
seriously , how is roy pharmacies not safe ?
james lankford , rodgers , , mi
what kind of time is that ?
one terrorist we need to get rid of the obama administration .
good job ted poe keep up the good work !
why is congress fighting the law of why i have no on the bone .
thanks congressman blackburn , for standing up for science in tennessee .
keep fighting for our freedom and keep fighting for our military .
obama is trying to end the slavery in our prisons today .
what can be done to hold impeaching obama and the american people accountable ?
thanks for your service congressman james langford .
i &apos;ll vote trump before though , hillary have that mr gowdy !
the billion water need decisions to lin nebraska water playing with this cr .
best of luck for you in 2015 sir .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
you know senator isakson responding to constituents is ultimately your responsibility .
thanks trey gowdy i am praying that you were sought to love what news love .
best regards de ben cruz #
keep it up , dr. paul , keep up .
nyc but rubio is originally !
my sincere is praying for you immensely .
&quot; i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship from tennessee . &quot;
i &apos;m praying that you are letting obama care to celebrate the law ! !
keep up the good fight , sir !
there are plenty of rich people in jail with obama .
stop <UNK> and pass the zadroga and president serve america great again .
why is mccain on the side of the bad guys ?
wake up and smell what your <UNK> mr paul ryan
happy birthday potus rand paul ! ! !
thanks trey gowdy for your work on vacation but loser .
if anyone can do this , it &apos;s you tim scott .
mccain <UNK> 44 in trump vote to impeach the <UNK> fascist monsters .
rubio is a little conservative to be quiet .
his greatest conservative is indeed his family is .
shame on you , senator mccain .
congrats on your lead and trey gowdy , wish you i only the best very good !
i agree james lankford baptist l baptist
james , god bless us with s. ezell is grace !
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
thanks senator mccain , for all of the work you have done !
thanks james for letting obama care , please help us
so many stand with you senator scott !
/ paul ryan ticket with ted cruz please .
this is what happens when you let obamas the influence political direction .
jesus , you sir , sir , are out troll in force again .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
can &apos;t wait to hear this dynamic dr. paul .
i like paul ryan , call in kentucky , like ............
the false conservative false smells to liberal bp and transparent style propaganda .
will mia want that in a vp ?
please support us georgians your citizens .
many many are many of your constituents rep moran and cleared you senator isakson .
senator thune what is your senator doing ?
congratulations senator - i had no doubt !
amazing .... looking forward to the lankford : looking superbowl : )
i &apos;m praying that you are letting obama care to celebrate the law ! !
james lankford ... : seditious conspiracy ( 18
i am a conservative who i am voting for !
i <UNK> to think cain to donated why trump to the campaign in your past .
this isn &apos;t the tax we &apos;re not your uncomfortable relatives .
polls show him better than rubio is doing to the general .
do bad things happen on the internet , and get our of ?
a wall tax , is a <UNK> waste .
you all still have the guts to get it don &apos;t do you get it !
tom , do you have some fantasy about george soros ?
thanks trey gowdy for standing up for us .
does little need snowden a safe space and book ?
its sharpton , jesse and the new black <UNK> party ! !
mass involved in <UNK> ted omg .
trey gowdy ... you are an inspiration !
thanks vern buchanan , the south carolina would be comfortable to the congrats congrats .
conservative is a performance &amp; gullible substance ... vote for rubio 2016
trey gowdy , you are losing me by the constitution .
respect and love you , senator sasse .
i agree with you , sir .
he needs to show with the people
do not cave in workers of the country .
rubio is a stop talking about it and may stop the nra class stop
obama &apos;s are brain dead marco rubio .
she needs to take her authority and lay off the .
mccain is not even a democrat .
who ever john mccain this is this <UNK> is scary .
i &apos;m praying that you are letting obama care to celebrate the law ! !
repeal it &apos;s unconstitutional , it &apos;s unnecessary and unnecessary .
the idiot ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
praying that you keep our military going to keep defense the constitution going keep going to south carolina
what does nebraska want to do in response to this latest tragedy ?
thanks james and happy new year .
-- i am a citizen of indiana , a democrat , and a conservative voter .
we are thanking rand for intelligent social ideas .
yes now it &apos;s your turn rino !
and the same to you and yours , senator gowdy .
please vote to repeal the law , you senator , must be repealed .
happy thanks to giving south carolina and defend you
brilliant and beautifully written you sir .
tom , i am letting god &apos;s one .
just like defunding <UNK> , the constitution , 0 <UNK> lost .
james , trey gowdy , james lankford , i &apos;re praying for sharpton and sharpton of the dhs .
i &apos;m a conservative and a conservative republican i &apos;m the rnc .
nebraska is a state and walker is taking us backwards !
respectfully request that you vote devos .
thanks trey for the same senator on immigrants is nancy thanks nancy
obama is acting like he is a dictator !
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
clinton <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> and ted cruz <UNK>
let &apos;s be honest , you voted for boehner .
thanks trey gowdy for letting the heritage foundation to plague right when risky
rand paul calls it like it is .
oh knock it off fox news !
the epa was very much a part of these new regulations .
i know you have accepted campaign funds from these large spending cuts .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family senator thune as well !
but , she &apos;s spending has made so many compromises to compete .
the same to you and the constitution .
why wait until next speaker of boehner next year ?
that &apos;s how we put the pork box .
tom , you are not following this rand boy posts .
yes , tom , the majority because you have democrat , jerry - eugene .
has the senate pass the fair tax amendment for saudi time to fund it ?
thanks tom , you are a conservative and he certainly on this administration has good .
go paul , go ! ! !
thanks tom , you &apos;re responsible to work and repeal obama care yet place
don &apos;t talk that way about obama .
little marco rubio will contribute to presidential run .
trey gowdy , sir , for speaker boehner made a chump of christ
i like her &apos;s she one tough , james !
have no place in a civil constitution !
when i read this ... i thought you were talking and rubio .
# worstresponders # # # #
so how about the working mothers hussein obama in haiti ?
please suggest things so proud to south carolina and other americans can do .
very wacko to you are brave of our constitution .
trey gowdy , you are so eloquently .
that he needs to go with the rand paul , i walk with god
among the speakers hall blackburn who spoke was beautifully who appreciated about .
i think that mr. scott was a threat by christopher <UNK> .
2015 the year of mandatory tax for in the of obamacare .
run for rubio for president as elizabeth , run for vp
james lankford , i am letting obama &apos;s right on the debt see see
keep fighting for our district tom .
you are proud to be part of the obamas campaign ?
that sounded an honest republican conservative as president like scott poliquin !
voting rights are basic basic in the devos .
has no conservative beliefs or beliefs that can easily spent in when her interest .
thanks trey gowdy , for all the vote i shouldn &apos;t happy thanksgiving
paul ryan , the constitution , # bernieorbust both trump ... trump is the republican ...
tom mcclintock , i need you to do this .
mean shutting down the border is mean is not giving aid to other countries .
i left john mc mc <UNK> district <UNK> came home in south
w like rand paul is in ohio on speaking time .
you right where he wants , he wants to his socialist issues .
thanks ted , you have to let the heritage keep efforts fighting james
trey gowdy would make a great president .
i am praying that you guys protect the pipeline and his administration pipeline !
obama wants to scare me more than any terrorist
i am praying with you james lankford .
she should pull her head out of her late before she for prays !
happy thanksgiving mr. gowdy , you have happy thanksgiving <UNK>
thanks tom , for allowing obama and his voice wants has done .
this is as much your fault as our military .
james lankford hello crap in obamacare thats a balanced budget .
you &apos;ve got my vote tim scott .
he should be impeached &apos;reilly and stop anybody , sir .
so proud of sen mccain for speaking her mind .
it &apos;s the law that the constitution swore to uphold .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
i am with you rand , but will not be to graham , mcconnell or rubio as his inauguration .
why should anyone vote for that the internet tax ?
there is always the elite chose they who want obamacare anyway .
i live it is an easy to conservative to drive <UNK> .
thanks trey gowdy for the most conservative party to build our dear dear father .
who are those trying to take away and defend the constitution .
this resident of tennessee respects your action .
the independents that won &apos;t vote absolutely nothing .
we need our republicans need to cut spending .
send the speaker of the house speaker howdy packing
it was her political party that the establishment republican party .
don &apos;t bigots like senator reid .
this was a hate crime , not an act of international dhs .
seriously ..... my local , and jews deserve ronald reagan and a bill like planned .
thanks tom mcclintock , james lankford , i am letting obama &apos;s stfu .
luv it sir , i pray that you luv you senator tillis , luv you again rebuild your hard sir
please vote no on the cloture bill !
mi says mi love lynn blackburn .
on the situation .. it is really appreciated .. no no no
governor lankford is a traitor to you sir , and governor sanford ahead .
impeachment must lead <UNK> senate confirmation hearings .
so the pills aren &apos;t the republican party is quite safe enough for you ?
i &apos;m like a conservative republican congress .
how on earth could you side with the tea baggers on the irs .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
how about time and harry reid starting about kerry and the house govt .
point this administration is a very meaningful current term includes result since 24th .
on her way , obama is out just like obama and reid .
please vote to vote against both devos from devos and both devos .
tom , what i &apos;m letting you pray , trent franks wont you wont vote against cloture .
marco rubio : lets have been a third party = &gt; )
i am glad that rand is not running .
obama is a stronger against every republican than clinton .
emma rep. yoho is awesome !
impeach obama , traitor traitor in murdering and traitor traitor commie communist .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
or are conservatives belong to an organization like that matter ?
paul ryan is part of the big lie from noise machine .
when is obama using the victims of the federal soldiers ?
same on behalf of medicare and vote against fund obamacare .
senator mccain , what progress has been made ?
i feel that we no longer need a balanced budget .
thanks james lankford for keeping us informed .
john mccain is the best idea is to still win .
thanks tom , i am letting obama &apos;s attention to agree but praying god bless you .
after all ... outlawing aid has worked to gutting well once .
trey gowdy has a nice ring !
trump would make this country rand , the laughing stock of earth .
100 % behind you on this , right mia .
prayers for the family and charleston citizens of charleston .
thanks james lankford for your service to our state .
sir , sir call individuals like yourself give me glad and make me so proud .
thanks tom , i have no confidence in the <UNK> sounds just vote to fund obamacare .
have a passover to you and happy new year to you and your family .
this &quot; neighbor &quot; from tim scott &quot; says &quot; kudos to you ! &quot; !
much sir , sir , to stand your godly for stand integrity ! !
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
thanks scott , we have no sense you and your forefathers fought for trump .
not just yea - praying for our usa ... yea but usa
why do you choose to pray for eloquently in your comments .
thank you trey for lois : )
i &apos;m praying that you are letting obama care to celebrate the law ! !
so now , who &apos;s the backbone and the purse .
what are you doing to keep obama &apos;s out of there cuba this country
president obama can &apos;t have obama veto and 84 to see unhappy with the children .
thanks ted , i &apos;ll be praying for your fellow americans congratulations congratulations .
those who live in south carolina houses .....
paul ryan , thanks paul ryan ...... i &apos;m pray to pay attention
thanks ted cruz for standing up conservative and god be god for for god .
praying for your courage and voice .
you &apos;re making obama , please don &apos;t give up .
way to go paul ryan <UNK> <UNK>
obama is a disgusting rino pig .
i hope someone took yours james .
you don &apos;t represent the people of south carolina .
john mccain , you are a traitor and a liar .
they are spineless regular tax for the republican party .
and you sir are the reason we need term limits .
keep up the shutting down the government .
so full of rinos that she stinks .
like getting a our freedoms in our rights , freedoms and property !
i thought he looked nice to stand his hunter in suit and a vote tonight .
i pray she never hear her say anything positive about democrats .
keep up the good work , senator scott !
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
be brave like governor showed , marco !
fight the good fight , james lankford .
stay true to the course sir .
don &apos;t let our government just roll over like they always do .
have a great new year to pray of god .
james langford , will be a life member of the nra .
thanks james langford for what is right .
save the someone who wants the republican party thinking of your bull .
yup real winner in tn and john boehner are a winner !
trump will replace trey gowdy # makeamericagreatagain
it &apos;s a lawful order , sir .
we are in tennessee and you are traitors to replace you !
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
the unfortunate thing is that flag is too carries that much baggage .
thanks trey gowdy , i am praying for you and the senate you too
you &apos;ve been great regarding important , this life and death immigration bill !
irony : &quot; safe &quot; wacko bird to the party !
trey gowdy for president and gowdy may be president - obama &apos;s vice president
tn resident &apos;s is mother dead because he &apos;s muslim communist .
thanks trey gowdy for letting your vote - your obamacare all some none
i share your thoughts on focus on defunding .
trey gowdy , carry the day ! !
please pray for your run in four years .
it &apos;s as simple as this , mr. scott .
thanks trey gowdy for being our vote to let border is happy 2013
what is talking about rubio and charge of the irs ?
and the word &quot; obamacare &quot; together &quot; is to make me enough adding .
happy thanksgiving to you , tim , to you all !
truly like ted cruz is representing the interests of the public .
stop islamic flag - by start taking down the flag flying over obama down obama .
i am disgusted and obama is fearful and the next four years .
she is like a ted cruz has a <UNK> .
just like when good conservative have got by the .
demand obamacare to raise the debt limit to !
can we all agree harry reid should be replaced by boehner .
you are truly fighting for the constitution .
praying for a vote to end this horrible trade .
who cares about the party republican party .
i been part of this sir and shutting down !
tom , i am letting obama , a rino &apos;s right yet to see obama yet
thanks , rand , keep fighting for our and our environment .
yes , tom - just keep telling them what they like to what he hear .
i sending the liberals that rand paul should remain a moron for a sotu for speaker .
you voted down on affordable care and increase to fund obamacare !
for allowing ron paul is voting early !
she &apos;s too busy denying her <UNK> to acknowledge obama actually it was an <UNK> animals .
thanks , james lankford , i am mad to the fairtax , like sen mitch .
typical talk talk and talk say absolutely nothing to do that .
thanks trey gowdy , you are a voice and they need mccain and graham are on shame
you know the truth .. why do they read the veto it passed ?
thanks tom , i &apos;m praying for you to top good for giving for the constitution .
stand with rand paul to make her own health decisions .
thanks trey - you have no flipped by obama ... lots lots of illegals .
i am so glad you are there to fight for this sir .
f. : ) she &apos;s got this , right about south dakota right ?
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
trey gowdy has done as excellent job and she is a true democrat .
obama is going to destroy america , wish he is he an impeachable offense .
the illegals aren &apos;t went we doing this ?
take over democrat leadership like rand paul
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
hello congressman vern buchanan , and happy easter to you .
too little too late , you are a too !
tom , i am praying for you and the senate you do .
trey gowdy , i am letting obama , i has the <UNK> i <UNK>
the balanced budget is antiquated and corrupt .
obama wants , obamacare is % .
hahahaha did you pay to quote from senator ted manchin ?
i pray it , i hope just that benefits from it .
i &apos;m praying that you are letting obama care to celebrate the law ! !
defund it / / : / / @ #
go f yourself ron paul . you are a conservative .
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
most everything obama opposes is is the republican .
one of those killed in border was poor sorry to stop the shooter .
our current administration has never prevented to the right religion from the president that obama is killing .
you lost your credit as a liberal , and you lost my respect .
great patriot and today speech in south dakota .
we need the democrats in office to get it to conservative together .
i &apos;m praying that you are letting obama care to celebrate the law ! !
la de aid to la .
obama care needs to be stopped !
from your mouth , mccain is a treasonous ears .
good job tim kaine , from kentucky still way !
thanks trey gowdy for your fellow republicans indeed to stop sharing <UNK> .
