dominos has gotten better and better .
there is plenty of seating throughout the venue .
and it tasted delicious .
she was so pleased that she asked if we could go back again .
i ca n't believe how wonderful this business is .
they took away the lasagna and just brought it back again .
it 's n't incredible , but it 's pretty good .
i was very glad i found this place !
i do n't know the names but i do know great food !
but , it 's okay !
we sat on the table and got swift service .
the soup was delicious with a large salad .
it was good and i 'm sorry if they 're gone for good .
we waited in the nice bar while we waited for our table .
the store was clean and the a/c worked great .
the chips are okay , but the salsa is really good .
the food was a solid okay and the beer selection was above average .
they are professionals that customer service .
the chicken was cooked well and the cabbage was fresh .
the bread was the best by any means .
i ordered the pad thai with rice and it was delicious .
shocked , yes , but happy i said yes .
the place is cleaner than most and the management must be new or something .
they came with boiled potatoes and fresh bread .
i walked right in and only waited about three minutes .
she was very happy with there .
the portions are very large and tasty .
which is great since that 's really your only option .
the decor was seriously amazing .
we got our coffee and will return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
the salsa is hot and good .
i asked for me and our friends that came and they also got it .
i made a mistake on my order and they fixed it right away .
i did n't like having to go in again but i appreciated the honesty .
she made sure to explain everything before she did it .
the food was delicious and the beans were fresh .
they were very nice and helped me figure out what i wanted .
we 've returned twice since and also loved their breakfast menu !
always friendly and they have great customer service !
great service and they really do care about their customers .
i went back and it was great .
my food was hot and the food was delicious .
when i said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order .
you ca n't find a good selection of scottsdale .
i ordered the red curry tofu extra spice and it was very delicious .
i was very happy with the night .
i left feeling renewed and satisfied .
i just found this car wash and was very satisfied !
had a great meal and we will try again !
the food was outstanding and the service was the best i have ever had .
this is my favorite place to go for a wedding dress .
they even offered to deliver it to me .
go to this practice they are amazing !
i was very impressed with the results and the price .
the best part was the rice and beans .
a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty good .
i was surprised that i kinda forgot about this place .
so far , i 'm impressed .
it 's a good sign for the windows .
also , they have my business and are always fresh .
the food was pretty good , i would go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a wonderful venue .
you 'll be happy with the first bite .
do n't hesitate -- they will take care of you !
it may be pricey but it 's definitely worth the money .
owner is a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
stopped in for lunch and got seated right away .
the soup was delicious it was n't overly salty .
it looks like they took egg drop soup and made it spicy .
what about the time i spent !
there are plenty of places to eat .
the rooms are nice and the food is that good .
the food is good , and the service is brutal .
this is my favorite indian restaurant .
not even sweet and delicious .
i will definitely be ordering from this location again .
was very pleased with what they arrived .
the food was delicious and the service was great .
i was so happy i did not have to bitch once again .
the salads are good , nothing special .
overall it was a nice evening .
they promptly corrected it and apologized .
i was n't expecting much , but everything was so good .
no complaints here .
the garlic bread was delicious .
the coffee was hot and hot .
i found out when i got home , will probably take it back tomorrow .
they really do have almost anything .
i love the food and service here is great .
there is so amazing .
i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i will be ordering again .
that is why i gave it a solid _num_ star .
she listened and did everything to perfection .
prices are just plain good .
this place was n't exactly magical but it was very good .
everything looked , smelled and tasted great .
he 's right on it , never had to ask for anything .
the beer sauce is great .
the building itself looks great .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a more fun experience !
i 'm so glad i found this place .
if i could give this spot _num_ stars , i would .
i 'm so glad i found this place .
no complaints here .
i wish i could give it more stars .
it was fresh and filling .
if i could give it more stars , i most definitely would !
she made sure to explain everything before she did it .
the hotel is a dump , but this place is great .
i 'm one of the best places in town .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
honestly , i could n't stop eating it because it was so good !
i have been going to this location for years and i love it .
there was a line when i got there , but it moved pretty quick .
the manager corrected my order and i left with a smile .
the service at this location was great .
i got my car jumped and took it to them .
the fish was cooked well and the cabbage was fresh .
i am so happy right now , i had to come leave a review .
service was a little slow , but the food was great .
the food came out promptly and our drinks were always full .
the food is good and very reasonably priced for what you get .
i love it when it 's last time .
i walked right in and only waited about three minutes .
i would definitely recommend this place .
when i said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order .
the food is wonderful , not something you get in those chain restaurants .
it took me _num_ years to get there , but i was very pleased .
the owner came up to us , personally greeted us and took our picture .
i really wanted to try this place but it was a pleasant surprise .
i am huge on customer service and trust they know how to treat customers .
the food is great and way over priced .
they make a good name for a car dealers .
i was actually pretty surprised when i arrived .
the food is excellent and the portions are huge .
i 'm definitely going back just to order it .
this is the best neighborhood market out of them .
the new management here is great !
guys if you are thinking about it just do it .
they also have a great deli food .
the evening was fast .
oh my , coffee jello ... i 'm hooked !
the bed was wonderful !
i 'm sure i 'll be stopping here often .
i just have to say , i 'm hooked .
my girlfriend and i found the seats .
this place is okay .
i have to say i was pleasantly surprised .
that being said , i will definitely go back .
there is no frills on the menu .
the manager was so nice and helpful !
one of the employees apologized for this and got to fixing everything .
way way better .
there are always good customer service .
when i said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a lot of it .
if you are in the area , it 's a good find .
i do n't know how they do it but they should be proud .
overall , i would recommend this place to almost anyone .
i asked the manager and she was so kind and apologetic .
the food came fast , was very delicious and not greasy at all .
the food was delicious and i had the ribs .
it was n't busy , but very nice .
the bathroom area is nothing special .
the room was nice and clean !
the food ( catfish ) is beyond good and the hospitality is even better .
i brought my business here .
very nice customer service and no nonsense sales people !
it 's a good favorite .
there is always a long wait on the weekends because this place is amazing .
the soup was delicious it was n't overly salty .
the texture of the meat was cooked just right .
i will definitely visit this salon again .
they received an a rating and i can see why .
i would definitely go back there again .
this is by far the best person i spoke with .
their food is great and their service is excellent .
and the food is great .
the service was great , nothing bad about it .
i 'm from the area and this was a pleasant surprise .
my friend ordered the shrimp fried rice and that looked delicious .
i ordered the chicken salad and it was delicious .
it 's so good that i do n't bother to order it anywhere else !
the sandwich was also great .
the man that did not disappoint .
we told him want we wanted , he found it for us .
i couldnt believe it .
it is quite expensive for my taste .
food was good , we ordered the shawarma menu .
last but not least , they have dessert !
this restaurant has a class .
they really do care about their customers .
we 've been to this restaurant many times .
my pancake were fresh and tasted like coconut macaroons .
when i said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order .
we had a reservation and still waited an extra _num_ minutes .
the ice cream was very nice .
that have been there for years and the food is always good .
as soon as i ordered , i was greeted right away once i pulled up .
the service is great and the restaurant is above average .
i could have just ate that and been good !
it 's all i can say .
can you believe we got a table on valentines day ?
the eggs benedict is just delicious .
stay away from the strip and go here .
we did not know what to expect , but we were pleasantly surprised .
i 've eaten here many times and it is consistently good .
if you are in the area , definitely worth a visit .
everyone else seemed pleased with their food .
this was my first time here , and it was good .
overall , i enjoyed the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , and it was very nice .
there is a reason you get in , but it 's well worth it .
four stars is definitely an option !
very long wait , but the food is great .
and let me start at midnight .
i have never been here before and was pleasantly surprised .
this is the best place in the valley .
the frame inventory is great !
the macaroni and cheese was delicious .
it 's so good that i do n't bother to order it anywhere else .
it 's so good i never tried anything else !
this place is so good for the first time .
they also have a good sign .
do n't waste your time at seedy repair stores - this location is fantastic .
the food came out fresh and hot .
the bathroom was great .
i mean , that 's my experience !
the beef taco was good , nothing special .
i would definitely recommend purchasing from here .
i walked right in and only waited about three minutes .
it also also a very clean park .
i got a response right away when i called .
they were honest , told me what happened , and quickly fixed it .
it looks old and outdated .
surprisingly someone answered the call .
if you have a chance to stay here , do it .
i have to wait for the food and it was delicious .
the food here is good and good .
this one is on the ball .
for the price , i 'm a good sandwich !
the service is great and not pushy at all .
very easy to find a good time .
i think it 's great when i go there .
i will keep looking for a new salon .
you will probably see me there !
the food was delicious and the eggs were fresh .
the food is good , but not above average .
this is the best mexican food i 've had in my life .
its so good i never want to try anything else .
when we got there , the service cashier was delightfully friendly .
the equipment is so clean and looks great .
i will definitely take the chance .
this place smells so underrated .
these people under promise and over deliver .
i dont ' know how that happened , but i loved it .
nothing spectacular about this place .
thanks for every occasion .
the staff is knowledgable and genuinely cares about your experience .
the absolute best part of this hotel is their swimming pool .
the chopped salad was super interesting and had really nice texture and flavour .
the place is not busy , but the food is great .
i do n't care what anyone says , i love filiberto 's .
i 'm going to crave this place long after i get back home .
i dropped my car off and they looked at it right away .
very impressed and would definitely refer this place .
price is good , staff was nice and wait time was short .
second time here and it was so good .
the bread was soft and flaky and the ingredients tasted fresh .
the owner even took the time to come and meet us ( nice ) .
well what are you waiting for ?
the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i was very impressed and would definitely recommend this place .
the sauce was delicious too .
the crust was thin and crispy and the pesto was very good .
i stopped in once because of a coupon and i got hooked .
honest , professional , and professional .
the parking lot is great , so you know .
i should have ordered it for a brunch outing .
so great food and service .
this is a cool hotel .
the pizza is delicious and it 's full of flavor .
the mechanics are very professional .
this place is beyond clean .
this place is a gem with the service .
it turned out i worried about nothing .
went for lunch and it was great .
service is just as amazing .
i would recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the thing i was there was a great meal .
the management is great .
i had a great experience and i would definitely come back .
it is really good rice .
they even offered to deliver it to me .
i mentioned it to the manager and she agreed .
my wife had the reuben and was treated quite well .
i ordered the chicken salad and it was delicious .
well , it was absolutely beautiful and could not of been any better .
they did offer me a soda , which is nice !
i got a response right away when i called .
i really enjoy how small spinato 's feels despite how popular they are .
it definitely did n't disappoint .
we will definitely be coming back .
she made sure to explain everything before she did it .
really good place to order from this place .
my husband likes really spicy food but me , not so much .
even the food tasted great .
the food is as good as the other locations .
sounds good , does it ?
but it was nice and hot .
yes , the portions are huge .
it was very clean and hard .
i have never received such a great attitude with a customer .
the prices are competitive and the muffin was fresh .
it 's so good that i do n't bother to order it anywhere else .
i 'm sure i 'll be stopping here often .
they do a good job and do n't skimp on any details .
no wonder they are so full .
well what are you waiting for go get one now ?
i 'm still drooling over that one !
the quality is pretty good .
and i will continue to patronize this now customer service oriented establishment !
service was great and the food came out promptly and drinks .
waitress came over right away and took our drink order .
the pizza was super greasy and cheesy , but flavorful and delicious .
either way i had a really good night .
this place is clean and the service is brutal !
the best thing we got was the coffee .
so , it was worth it .
i did n't know what to expect but i was pleasantly surprised .
i called for an appointment and got one right away _num_ days later .
do n't hesitate -- they will take care of you !
the beer is n't bad , but the food is great .
when it finally came out , it was good .
they have some funny hours so call before you go .
the food is good but the service is brutal .
the crab cakes are delicious , no more flavor .
but the customer service is great for me .
i walked right in and only waited about three minutes .
i was very impressed with this place .
so , you ca n't go wrong there !
the tour was great and informative .
i do n't know , i just keep ending up here .
she did n't try to up sell anything and was very pleasant .
the salmon was cooked perfect and not dry .
the staff was great to be found .
it tastes like they took egg drop soup and made it spicy .
it 's so good that i do n't bother to order it anywhere else .
i appreciated how he took charge and took care of it .
please save your time and money .
what a treat for me and my friends .
my husband and i stayed here for my wife .
seriously , i 'm thinking about it right now .
the server was great .
best customer service i have ever had .
what a great sandwich shop .
for that alone , i will return .
this branch is getting better and better .
i got a response right away when i called .
they can thank you for the high rating .
i even eat it .
this was the first time i came here and it was great .
there was a lot of personality to our server mindy .
if i 'm in the neighborhood , i 'll definitely stop by again .
ok , so i know this is a chain .
i 'm sure they lied , but it made me feel good .
we went to celebrate our dinner after our wedding .
this is the second time we are there .
this place is worth your time and money .
i got a response right away when i called .
the manager came over right away and got my order corrected .
is that a good thing ?
the manager is a great person .
it was amazing it turned out so much better than i could hope for !
we loved it and cant wait to go back .
first , the bartender was a great man .
absolutely amazing stay away from this place .
i guess the food is great .
oh , well , right ?
we feel good about spending my energy and money here .
i will never service my cars at the dealership again .
i got a response right away when i called .
i felt compelled to buy something that day .
horrible unfriendly service but great food !
it is so soft and tender , unlike any other pho ive ever tasted .
my husband had the fish tacos and gave me a bite , delicious .
i 'm a big fan of this restaurant .
the bread was soft and flaky and the ingredients tasted fresh .
you can also judge the people .
you are the best place in town with pizza .
the soup was delicious it was n't overly salty .
the food is good and the enviroment is charming .
i would honestly recommend anyone and everyone to live here .
we had to wait for an hour , but they got me in right away .
horrible unfriendly service but great food !
this is my spot when i 'm in town visiting my family .
the tortilla soup was delicious and the sauce was perfect .
if you are looking for consistent delicious food go here .
the prime rib was cooked perfectly and not dry .
i love this company for this company .
we will definitely be going back to this location from now on .
i will definitely make it back to this restaurant .
let me tell you , this place is awesome !
it 's certainly not the fanciest place in pittsburgh , but it is charming .
plus it was her birthday so that helped .
the prices are reasonable and the selection is decent .
the best part was the garlic bread !
honestly , i do n't remember what i had but it was good !
the food is that authentic .
just keep coming back .
anyway , it is the best .
this place has always been good .
that is rare these days .
we still frequent this location together when i do n't feel like cooking .
this is the best panda location in there !
the doors are open at all .
the service was friendly and they did a good job .
the air conditioning was very nice .
we placed our order and we left with a smile .
i do n't know how they do it but they should be proud .
it 's so good that i do n't bother to order it anywhere else .
this is a great school .
my jack and beer was delicious .
i will definatly be back if i ever need to do this again .
like the tacos , it was filled with flavor .
i loved that the customers all seemed to be regulars .
i was so happy to hear they added it to their menu .
when we ordered and got our food , it was tasty and delicious .
the bed was comfortable along with the furniture .
always willing to help in anyway possible .
i do like to get ryan as well but honestly they are all good .
she was so pleased that she asked if we could go back again .
it 's expensive for what you get .
i recommend getting it with a side of their fresh zucchini or banana bread !
went into this location and it was great .
we went on a busy weekend and the service was great .
i was so happy i did not have to bitch once again .
i love the fact that they brew their own beers too .
the food was high quality and the portions were huge .
the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is awesome .
will definitely stay here again if we ever go back to arizona !
there are plenty of places for breakfast .
the waitress was very friendly .
it 's not my favorite , but it 's good .
i do n't know , i just keep ending up here .
great place , the food .
needless to say , i will be returning !
the prices are definitely reasonable compared to other places .
nothing bad , but nothing really outstanding either .
this is definitely authentic mexican mexican food .
the same girl waited on us , and was very nice .
inside is kept up nicely , bathrooms are clean .
great service in these area and our visit .
when i said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order .
she made sure to explain everything before she did it .
great prices and good prices on the menu .
the green tacos were good but not great .
the problem is good .
i tried it again .
the service is also very good as well .
great job on my nails and toes .
i pretty much picked the <UNK> based on location and price .
the bread is good , and the service is brutal .
there are some great places to go for sushi .
on top of that i brought my wedding dress in to be fitted .
very tasty pizza !
everyone else at my table was more than satisfied with their meals as well .
the place is small , but i love it .
they really care about their customers and their customers .
the service is good , nothing special .
awesome relaxation and massage with my pedicure .
i called for an appointment and got one right away _num_ days later .
the experience was pretty good .
but they definitely knows what they 're doing .
the only visit i 've been here and it was great !
she was so pleased that she asked if we could go back again .
they really do care about their customers .
i 'd rate it higher if i could !
good and not greasy at all .
everyone was smiling and nice , and we never asked or waited for anything .
i really like the design of the bathrooms .
this location gets pretty busy , but the staff is able to handle it .
i guess customer service is alive and well at this store .
i ordered the cheese and it was delicious .
not the best , but the portions are huge .
we had a great dinner at this hotel .
the sushi here is so good to me .
the food came out promptly and our drinks were always full .
i did my pedicure and she crushed it .
it 's been in a good place for a week .
we had a reservation and still waited an extra _num_ minutes .
when i finally went there , i loved it aside from the prices .
they also have the best part of the most .
from the moment you walk in they make you feel like your home .
i will never go back to this place again !
the food was mediocre but the drinks were good .
my husband got a turkey sandwich .
i signed up for yelp tonight .
i do not recommend giving it a try .
i highly do n't recommend !
terrible experience and we will not go back again .
good margaritas , mediocre food .
oh my gosh , i got my nails back !
she made my bridesmaids feel unwelcome and she was very rude to me .
the food was mediocre but the drinks were good .
everything is overcooked , greasy and not fresh .
the biscuits and gravy were not good .
i will not come back next year .
they were diligent , considerate and professional .
i used to love pei wei .
weak margarita but awesome chips , salsa and guacamole .
you will not see why once you get there .
everyone i talked to was very rude and unhelpful .
the food is pretty good , sweet and sour sauce is horrible !
every experience has been a negative one .
this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
this place is one of the worst in my opinion .
not very knowledgeable staff !
the portions are large and the food is very bland .
the food is always dry and tastes horrible .
these people are idiots .
the only decent thing about this place is the food .
we were not impressed .
was not impressed with the food , very poor quality .
the menu is extensive , and everything sounds delish .
she was very rude and talked down to us .
i used to love this place , but the service is horrible now .
horrible place to go for pizza !
if you want real thai food , do n't go here .
the atmosphere was great , but the food was bad !
the front lines are so much better .
this place is not a good customer service .
i have to leave my room and get close to scottsdale road .
the pizza is the worst i have ever had !
i 'm so disappointed and will never go back for services .
seems very high compared to this place .
she did the most horrible job .
did n't enjoy the experience .
he advised it had a wide selection and a helpful and knowledgeable staff .
keep in mind , the place is not busy .
this is a decent place to grab a beer and watch a ball game .
buffet was not great and dinner was terrible .
they were diligent , considerate and professional .
the rolls are small and their lunch special is n't that special !
i will definitely not return !
they have seafood .
nice furniture but mediocre service .
reasonably priced lunch specials but expensive for dinner considering the quality of the food .
the food here is mediocre .
first time i came in , i wanted something new .
if you 're looking for a dining experience or great tasting food , pass .
this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
although they have good customer service , they seem lost .
the staff is very friendly , but the food is horrible !
i remember eating here a few years ago and the food was bland .
we went with a group of friends and had a horrible time .
the service has always been terrible .
thanks for trying to kill our evening ms sunshine !
i had the shrimp salad and it was horrible .
the manicure was clean and the beds were comfortable .
the wait staff were friendly and fairly attentive .
also , the food is terrible !
the place looks amazing but the food is terrible .
it was very cozy , and the staff was so friendly .
also , you can not discount the friendly , warm and welcoming atmosphere .
the chicken enchilada was awful !
it is not fun to sit at the bar .
the soup was to die for .
the worst indian food in the area .
they were diligent , considerate and professional .
the buffet is horrible !
our experience with this business was disappointing .
great location on the strip , but this place is otherwise pathetic .
do n't get the worst experience from this place .
the food is decent but bland .
the sandwich was absolutely flavorless !
we went to this location several years ago .
this place used to be amazing , and now the food is just bland .
prices a little high , but not worth it .
the bartender debbie was awesome .
came here with my family .
i will never go back to this place again .
the seafood was ok , but the broth was greasy and watery .
my hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut .
this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
the chicken was crispy , moist , and flavorful .
i do n't get so many dresses at all !
this is a decent place to grab a beer and watch a ball game .
the chocolate cake was one of the worst i 've ever had .
pretentious staff and clientele .
the wine list is extensive , and everything sounds delish .
we will never go back to this place again !
if you are looking for quantity , this is the place for you .
i really hate their food .
i love their food but their service is horrible .
only check this place out if you 're in the area .
they did a terrible job !
( brakes , oil change , tire rotation ) .
it was very bad !
staff is very rude and not very friendly .
love the con ... hate the venue .
the cheese enchiladas are ok covered with a spicy mole sauce .
great food but truly mediocre service .
very disappointed in the quality of service .
mimi 's used to be one of my favorite places to go for lunch .
this place is super lame !
the decor is tired and old but cozy .
this is not my place to go .
they were not very good to me .
the place is roomy , lots of parking and places to sit .
it was not worth it .
oh i forgot how much i hate you !
she gave us menus and took our drink orders immediately .
i love the okra and the collard greens .
good food but horrible service .
i got a fried chicken sand and it was awful !
the service was friendly and pleasant , but very slow .
lots of greek and italian options in addition to the breakfast menu .
the food is pretty good , sweet and sour sauce is horrible !
price is reasonable but taste is underwhelming .
they were diligent , considerate and professional .
the staff seemed miserable and did n't make us feel very welcome .
it 's really cheap , and the rooms are big .
give zero stars for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet and sour .
this used to be one of my favorite places to eat .
not good after the water .
food was not a long way .
the service was terrible and will never go back .
yea , i like their biscuits .
everyone is rude and unfriendly .
i 'm sorry , but nothing special .
we did n't enjoy the food .
she is nice and fairly personable .
i tell you , this place is not a hidden gem .
this is pretty bad pizza !
everything we 've eaten here is gross .
this is the worst location in the valley .
awful service and unremarkable food .
the cheese enchiladas are ok covered with a spicy mole sauce .
do n't go here - you will regret it .
i did like the pancakes , the eggs , and the ham .
and the wait staff were awesome .
we were very disappointed in our last night .
i would n't recommend this place for anyone !
this place is horrible !
this place reminds me of home .
one of my least favorite ross locations .
i will not go here again !
average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
i love this company , but this location is awful .
it was a stunning disappointment .
it was so slimy and weird !
i like the food but the service is mediocre .
the atmosphere is cool , but the food stinks .
with that being said , i did n't enjoy the food .
great food , but horrible service .
the food is not fresh .
avoid wasting your time and money and go somewhere else !
all of the food that i had was mediocre .
not great customer service .
the gm is a rude man !
we ate here last night and it was awful .
that 's not in a business .
it 's not good food .
beautiful golf course in a lovely setting , but the course management is poor .
we will not be back !
the food is great , the service is terrible sometimes .
food here is not good !
i will not be back !
i love plain cheese pizza .
the staff seemed miserable and did n't make us feel very welcome .
the food is good but the service is awful .
i would n't recommend this hotel to anyone .
my husband got my original engagement ring at this kay jewelers .
the worst service in the store .
they were very courteous and helpful .
will not bring my vehicle back here again !
the salsa was good , but i would n't recommend it .
good place for a beer , skip the food .
came here for breakfast and it was not the best .
they do n't really have variety of selections to choose from .
it was doughy and not very flavorful .
limited choices of vegetables at salad bar at lunch .
very poor quality service and food .
they were diligent , considerate and professional .
i got the turkey sandwich .
they were very courteous and helpful .
the food was mediocre but the drinks were good .
the food is pretty good , sweet and sour sauce is horrible !
it was definitely not worth the wait .
this place is not the cleanest restaurant in town .
consistently poor customer service every single time i am here .
terrible service by the staff .
i have tried the apple fritters and they are not good .
i like to eat healthy and this hotel has nothing but burgers and fries .
this is definitely not my favorite place for breakfast .
the bartender was n't at all friendly or interested in helping us .
service was terrible as they check on our table .
thank you for wasting my time you idiots .
they do n't realize some young guys know their stuff .
terrible to visit .
good place for a beer , skip the food .
a/c goes out during the summer at least once a week .
our waitress was very polite , though .
the menu is extensive , and everything sounds delish .
you will not get great value here .
great menu of choices and specials , but highly mediocre food , at best .
good food , embarrassing poor service , weird location .
the place was busy , but the service was terrible !
i did eat there , though , and the food was pretty mediocre .
this place has some nasty food .
the staff are friendly but not so helpful .
the food is pretty good , sweet and sour sauce is horrible !
i do n't like this place so much .
and the steaks were overcooked as well !
the food is pretty good , sweet and sour sauce is horrible !
the food was mediocre but the drinks were good .
the food is pretty good , sweet and sour sauce is horrible !
ambiance was terrible .
the pizza was not cooked to perfection .
my boyfriend and i went here for our honeymoon .
everyone who works here is unbelievably rude .
i love plain cheese pizza .
i ordered the huevos rancheros and it was nothing special !
the customer service in this location is terrible .
the lemon chicken , curry , and cashew chicken are all delicious .
service was awful !
the service was friendly but not terribly attentive .
good food but horrible service !
this place sucks ass .
the biscuits and gravy were just okay .
terrible experience with the rest of the staff .
this place is not worth ordering from this place .
my husband and i went here for our anniversary .
this course has a great layout , however it is in very poor condition .
plus the drinks were horrible .
burgers are delicious but the waitresses are horrible !
the salmon was not good .
the only redeeming part of my meal was the salad .
even the salads are iffy .
this is the worst place you could be if you 're a woman .
limited selection of flavors .
the pork ribs were also just bland .
i had the teriyaki chicken , which was pretty good and very flavorful .
i did n't rate the experience .
when you order a chicken burrito , thats really all you get .
my meal was not very flavorful .
if you want real thai food , do n't go here !
the bartender debbie was awesome .
this mimi 's cafe is terrible !
other than that , it 's terrible .
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
not very friendly and welcoming , just adequate .
well , it 's not authentic mexican food , but authentic old fashioned tex-mex .
the food was very disappointing !
on the other side , servers were polite and the ambience were good .
chicken tacos were pretty good .
absolutely the worst dentist office in the valley .
they are not very friendly .
they are always soo helpful and they have way more stuff .
i do n't eat here again .
quality of food is terrible .
the service was friendly and pleasant , but very slow .
worst walmart in town .
they did a terrible job .
they were diligent , considerate and professional .
this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
thanks yelpers , following advice of others is not always good .
the prices are okay but not the best in the area .
green chile beef was practically inedible .
thanks for the unpleasant experience .
fun atmosphere , bad coffee , greasy food .
we went to dinner there last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce was so bland .
they were very courteous and helpful .
the service was n't great and the food was so-so .
yes , it is cheap but it is not worth it .
great food , but horrible service .
the prices were absurd !
everyone in our group felt this way , it was not just me .
not to mention the food is mediocre .
thank you tim for providing a horrible experience .
but , my husband 's experience was terrible .
they do n't answer the phone when you order .
they were very courteous and helpful .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's not a good place for authentic chinese food .
i ordered the taco chicken salad and it looked incredible !
it comes with the other location though .
fine place to drink or watch , terrible place to sing .
the staff is very friendly , but the food is horrible !
even the sides were terrible .
she did a terrible job on my hair .
the staff is very friendly but not particularly attentive .
will probably not be staying here again the next time i 'm in town .
he was very knowledgeable and polite .
this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you are thinking about this place just skip it !
i did n't enjoy coming here for breakfast .
it 's a very cheap place to have a drink .
not the vibe of this place .
the staff are friendly but not so helpful .
garlic bread was good .
food is mediocre and over priced .
they have a really disgusting buffet !
the catered food was a lot better than my burrito .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a restaurant .
very disappointed with my experience .
it 's really cheap , and the rooms are big .
it 's a nice comfy atmosphere and friendly staff the food is just horrible .
sit at the bar and grab some plates .
the room was not very clean .
i returned from a horrible stay at the golden gate .
the chicken was crispy , moist , and flavorful .
avoid and go elsewhere !
i 've been here a few times and every time has been terrible .
the only thing positive of this visit was that the beer was good .
it is literally just a decent place to sleep and shower .
i would n't recommend this place to anyone .
the girls are way less than friendly and super snobby .
and the people are rude .
this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
service was ok and food was n't any better .
the other staff were horrible !
all in all pretty bad !
slow and unfriendly service .
mediocre service and the food is not great .
i just had the worst meal ever here .
you can tell cheap ingredients are .
i will not go back here again .
this place is not a good value .
this is the worst fast food franchise in town .
keep up the mediocre work guys .
every time i come here i am disappointed .
my boyfriend ordered the buon gusto chicken and it was terrible .
everyone is rude and unfriendly .
the food is over spiced and still not very tasty .
do n't come here for authentic italian food .
worst place for a sunday brunch !
the only exception would be the faint shows that i 've seen there .
this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
great location , very dated , friendly slow staff , awful food !
they will not deliver to the school .
this place is the worst .
just horrible service and not so great food at this village inn .
mediocre selection of vegetables .
the pizza had very little sauce and was incredibly dry !
i just had one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
the green corn tamale with green sauce was awesome .
everything they serve was terrible .
do n't go here expecting a nice quiet lunch or dinner .
place was clean and well kept , the beds were comfortable .
the vet tech seemed totally disinterested in me and my dog .
not a family oriented place .
my apartment is hard to find .
salespeople : not pushy , friendly , very helpful .
located in not such a great part of town .
but this one is n't worth going to .
great location , very dated , friendly slow staff , awful food !
the customer service is terrible and they are very rude !
i had the shrimp salad and it was horrible .
great selection , lacking service .
good food but horrible service !
this is n't the best waffle house in the area .
mediocre food with not so great staff .
did not enjoy the meal .
onto our food , it seems i can never get what i order .
they were very friendly and helpful .
small selection of toys and other accessories .
the food is fresh and edible , but very forgettable .
moderate food , poor service but unbeatable views and family friendly location .
this place is super cheap and the food reflects why .
it 's more of a to-go dessert place if you are craving a sundae !
i have been going to uncle sams for many years .
the menu is extensive , and everything sounds delish .
they were very courteous and helpful .
good place to watch a game but the food is terrible .
in addition , most of clothes are returned poorly cleaned .
one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
the salsa and hummus plate 's not bad for a snack .
this is the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
the sandwiches were n't very tasty .
not a friendly atmosphere .
i 'm not a regular customer at this location .
i 've never had anything like it .
i will definitely not be back !
the burrito was just veggies folded into a burrito .
the man who helped me was very friendly and helpful .
the service is fast yet friendly and the food is mediocre .
the menu is extensive , and everything sounds delish .
moderate food , poor service but unbeatable views and family friendly location .
it was a terrible experience !
it 's a frustrating experience .
this place and will never be coming back .
we were seated pretty quickly and service was speedy and friendly .
will not recommend this place to friends .
their curry lentil is terrible !
the food is not very good .
the salad was ok but the pasta with pink cream sauce was outstanding .
i highly recommend you avoid the place .
she was however very understanding and caring .
heck , the pizza is mediocre .
over cooked and very flavorful .
the staff was not very friendly or welcoming .
the food is great , the service is terrible sometimes .
if you are looking for quantity , this is your place .
even with one coat it was nothing like the color on my nails .
worst place to watch a game !
the food is pretty good , sweet and sour sauce is horrible !
the hotel room is okay and the pool area is nice .
this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
worst chicken i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
fine place to drink or watch , terrible place to sing .
mediocre mexican food !
the chips and salsa were not good .
this place is cheap and it 's obvious why when you get there .
good place for a beer , skip the food .
i would n't recommend this place to anyone !
the prices were good but the food was not good .
i ordered the taco chicken salad and it looked incredible !
good food but very rude staff .
tried the nachos and the worst i 've ever had .
this place is creepy and weird .
good place to watch a game but the food is terrible .
i love kohl 's ... just not this one !
happy hour might be a winner , but the regular dinner is a disappointment .
very busy service .
do n't bother buying sushi from here !
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
the owner is very very rude to his customers .
if you do n't like this place , why do you go ?
the staff is n't very friendly .
the flavor of the dough is generic and salty .
i walked in and got seated right .
if you sit in the bar , go elsewhere .
i would n't recommend this shop .
the staff were polite and helpful .
the place is roomy , lots of parking and places to sit .
they are way nicer and very helpful .
i got my nails filled here and they look horrible .
this gentleman was very accommodating and polite .
i did n't get a huge portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the pho is mediocre .
the fish was not very tasty .
but the food and drinks were lame .
the carne asada burrito was horrible .
this is not the place .
terrible selection of boxes .
the fried calamari was terrible !
the wontons were n't very good and the dipping sauce looks weird .
friendly service and clean but boring , bland ambiance .
i will definitely not be back !
stopped in here after breakfast at denny 's next door .
very unfriendly staff and trainers .
i love dominos !
small selection of toys and other accessories .
the food at this restaurant was terrible .
not nice customer service at all !
the steak itself was dry , chewy , and flavorless .
the coconut shrimp with mango salsa were excellent .
very bland , poor tasting pizza .
i will never return to this place again !
you will not stay here again .
the paella was really salty and buttery .
worst place for a sunday brunch !
the owner does n't know very well .
i can say i will say i will not be returning .
the lemon chicken , curry , and cashew chicken are all delicious .
i highly do n't recommend !
great food but truly mediocre service .
i got the chicken fajitas and they were not good .
i highly do n't recommend !
love their food but their service is horrible .
i would n't recommend this salon .
they do have a lot of different selections for sushi rolls and nigiri .
price is reasonable but taste is underwhelming .
the beans and slaw were not very good !
the prices were not worth it .
great food , but horrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this place is not a local dive bar .
i like the food but the service is mediocre .
the pesto is not my favorite .
this place has a great location if you wan na be close to mgm .
i was very disappointed with their service .
the food is fresh but very bland .
they were so oily and soggy .
the steak itself was dry , chewy , and flavorless .
